1	This place is horrible, we were so excited to try it since I got a gift card for my birthday. We went in an ordered are whole meal and they did not except are gift card, because their system was down. Unacceptable, this would have been so helpful if we would have known this prior!!
4	For being fairly \"fast\" food.. Pei Wei (pronounced pay way I confirmed haha) is pretty darn good. we got a few things to share. I had the Asian chicken salad and was impressed! There was a decent amount of chicken. Some more veggies would be nice, but overall pretty good. The steak teriyaki was great as well as the fried rice. Over all good was good! Nice, clean, and reasonable.
5	I decided to try it out, I'm celiac and therefore can only eat gluten free...\nThey have an easy to understand GF Menu with anything you can possibly want.\n\nI placed my order online and picked the exact pickup time. I cam and my food was ready for me. Driving home the smell in my car was so good I could barely wait to get home and try it - true umami!\n\nI got home and dug into the delicious spicy chicken and rice with sugar snapies and carrots. It was superb! For $9 I will definitely try this again! I did see a huge line at the store, so try doing an online order and pickup forsure!\n\np.s. they even include GF soy sauce!
1	Decent customer service but the food was awful. It was cold and had no sauce at all. I was expecting it to be good but this place really went down hill. I will never eat here again.
5	Super clean restaurant and friendly staff. FRESH food. Hasn't been sitting under heat lamps. NO MSG, this is the good stuff. I have to have the Kung Pao Chicken weekly.
4	Found this the other night.  It is the PF Chang fast food option and it worked perfectly for us.  Limited menu, but lower prices. Very basic decor, but clean and fast seating.  Lettuce Wraps just as good as Chang's.  Very busy, especially the take out.  Glad to have it close
1	The staff here is great and they're nice,  wonderful and quick. People were ranting in raving about pei wei, I had to try it.  Even good yelp reviews.  I'm highly dissatisfied with the flavor of the food. This  should be labeled Asian inspired and not Asian. I've tried a variety of Chinese restaurants, this doesn't taste close to anything I've had at other Asian restaurants. Their Mongolian beef  was 5 pieces of beef and large mushrooms cut into thirds in a thick sauce. You eat the rice to wash off the nasty flavor. My shrimp was thickly coated in an overpowering  sauce as well.  I only ate some of the veggies that take center stage on a meat dish.  The center of my pork egg roll was cold. The hot N sour soup was a much thicker consistency almost like that of a chili instead of being brothy. Worst of all was the price.  This was not worth it to us. Neither me or my husband enjoyed either of  our dishes.  We didn't even eat half of our plates.  We even refused to take it home with us.  If you like and enjoy what typical Asian food tastes like,  don't waste your time here.
2	I had the garlic ginger broccoli chicken and it was not very good. The broccoli was hardly cooked and the sauce was way to sweet. Everything else was great. I will give them a few more tries before I write them off as another crappy Asian restaurant in Surprise.
5	This review is based upon consistency of flavor and great customer service.  We came and there was an unknown issue that required a 25 minute wait for food.  The employee notified us, and although hesitant, we decided to stay.  We have been here numerous times before in the past years so we are familiar with this location.  The employee was apologetic and gave us a free drink.  That was a simple gesture but rarely do you see decent customer service anymore.  We received our food and had an issue with an incorrect order.  It was explained and the issue was resolved quickly.  They gave us a free appetizer.  We do not expect perfection, nor free food.  This restaurant cares for customers and works to provide a positive experience.  We would return again because they have good food and they care.  That is a rarity in today's restaurant culture.  Kudos to the manager for creating this culture.  Ordered- fried rive and Tofu, edamame, won ton soup, dynamite chx, and Thai curry chx
5	I love this place i'd recommend it to anyone ! We always order it togo and it never disappoints! The food always taste fresh and is always ready on time! Definitely our favorite lunch spot !
4	1st! Place is not closed. There was an issue with legal workers in the franchise chain. Now they are back! Food is one of the best! Especially their chicken mango! Daughter is a huge PF Chang fan, so she loves this place also! Her favorite is their Mongolian beef, and noodles! They are always coming up with something new, so you may have to try them more then a few times.
2	Definitely not a fan. Coming from Orange County, CA, I have high expectations when it comes to Asian food.  Suffice to say that Panda Express would have been a better choice, which is pretty sad.
1	I wish I could give 1.5 stars. Nothing special. Lack of flavor. The entrees were either sweet or spicy. The crab Rangoon were.....different. The filling had a mealy consistency. Friend rice was bland. Plenty of other places to spend 50$ on takeout. Save your money.
2	Disappointed that on yelp their hours show them open at 1030am but when you arrive they don't open until 11am. Waiting in the car to pick up a large order makes me think twice about catering from here. Don't get me wrong the food is great as always but they need to fix this.
5	As a vegetarian, it can difficult to find places with good options, but I love getting a tofu bowl at Pei Wei. The first time I had it, I had to double check because it looks and has a similar texture to meat, but it's great. I love going to Pei Wei
2	Typical big business chinese place. Slightly fancy but very average food. Kinda like a fast food place.... you walk up and order then get your own drinks etc. Portions are very small. Prices are higher than average.\n\nThey offer a few different vegetarian options but it all tastes pretty bad\n\ndo yourself a favor and also support a local business and eat at big buddha around the corner. Its much better food
4	I love Pei Wei since it's just a bit more affordable than PF Changs.\n\nThis is the first restaurant in the chain where I found patrons tipping the servers. Although I don't mind leaving a dollar when it's due I find it hard to do when they don't do very much, especially since it's more of a counter service experience.
4	Great fresh food and clean restaurant. Friendly and very accommodating staff. I'm a frequent visitor. This is a sister restaurant to PF Chang's, but without the formality or higher prices. Great place to eat if you want the same style foods as PF Chang's, but a more laid back environment without the need to dress up or spend more.
4	Food is good and consistent and the service is always great. I've never dined in, but get take-out fairly often. I love being able to just say \"same as last time\" when I call it in. Not as good as PF Changs, but certainly better than most other Asian-ish places in Surprise. Be aware that they use shitake mushrooms is almost everything, but they are fine with custom orders if you don't want them. All in all, it's not my favorite place, but I always enjoy it every time.
4	The hubs and I dined at the Glendale location about two years ago. i guess we were hoping it was like PF Chang's....but unfortunately were dissapointed.\n\nWe discovered the Surprise location a couple weeks ago and decided that tonight we would grab a quick bite. The hubs ordered Mongolian Beef (his fav at PF Chang's) and I ordered my \"tried and true\" Ginger Broccoli and Chicken.\" Of course we started with the Lettuce Wraps because honestly...they are just the most delicious things ever!\n\nTonight we were pleasantly suprised that the food was quite delicious. Although the dishes are EXACTLY like what you would get at PF Chang's they are scrumptous in their own right. The only downfall is that the noise isn't conducive to conversation.  I haven't been to an establishment this noisy since Buca de Beppo's...which I love (don't get me wrong)!  But I will say (on a positive note) that the customer service is fabulous! Something that can be hard to come by at times...\n\nAs for price....$28 bucks for the two of us including an appetizer, two entrees and two drinks. (coke and iced tea...with free refills) Seems a bit pricy to me but honestly....EVERYTHING is expensive now days. \n\nOverall, try it out...they offer take out too so you can enjoy great food in the comfort of your home....without all the noise! (or they have a patio you can dine from)
1	If I could give no stars I would. My family placed an order to be picked up and were told to be there at 7:20. We get there and I sit waiting for the food until 8! Nobody acted like it was a big deal when I told them and just said \"oh.... Well we are running behind.\" Um okay?! We get home and they forgot to put the crab puffs in my bag. Didn't bother going back and moved on to our meals. My honey glazed chicken was average, edible. My husbands sweet and sour chicken was so soggy it was disgusting! Couldn't even eat it. My daughter loves fried rice and wouldn't even eat hers, it was so greasy. We all ended up eating PB&J's and it was 100x better than anything we brought home.
5	I went to Surprise Pei Wei Restuarant tonight on Bell.  This was my first visit to a Pei Wei.  I was very impressed with the atmosphere, food and staff.  The chicken teriyaki with fried rice was DELICIOUS.  The spring rolls were delicious too!  Your Pei Wei location is my new fav restaurant..
4	I like Pei Wei overall and enjoy their varied menu selections.  The food is good and fresh.  Sometimes it's hard to find a place to sit though.
1	I really don't understand how anyone can eat the food from here.  Granted, I am Chinese and enjoy authentic food, however I like good Chinese American food.  For someone who usually doesn't leave food on her plate unless it is really bad, I could not finish my meal because it was tasteless and below average.
2	Went in for lunch with a coworker today. The small portions are overpriced and really aren't small-half would've been more than enough. \nWe were served quickly and the staff was friendly! The restaurant was clean and tables were bussed quickly. \nI was disappointed with my Mongolian chicken. It tasted more like Teriyaki and was swimming in sauce. I had at least a 1/3 cup of sauce left on my plate after eating my food.\nAll in all, PeiWei's food will be why I don't return anytime soon even though their staff was excellent and so was the atmosphere.
5	The food is great and customer service is the best! The Dan Dan noodles are dynamite but they come standard pretty spicy...  I placed a pick up order by phone and asked for them to be mild, but they ended up being  spicy!  When I got home and tried to eat them they were too spicy.  I called in and spoke to the manager and he took care of it completely and replaced the order for me at no charge!
2	OH MY GOD, this place. I used to like Pei Wei until I moved to Surprise and this location ruined it for me. They consistently screw up on orders, have huge wait times, and run out of key ingredients on an alarmingly regular basis. We just spent an hour waiting for a take out order (kung pao veggies and vegetable fried rice), which was twice the time they quoted us, only to be told they were out of WHITE RICE (how does a chinese restaurant fail to foresee the possibility that they might serve a lot of white rice on a Saturday night?!). I may have chosen to stick around the extra 15 minutes if they hadn't already had to re-make half my order after making it incorrectly the first time. When I change up an order even slightly to accommodate for allergies/dietary needs, they have to re-make it at least 75% of the time.\nIf the food was consistently delicious, I'd rate it higher, but honestly, it's only okay.
2	Haven't eaten at this location in particular, but in general the prices are high for what you get.  It's nothing special and any other Chinese place in the city can probably beat it in the price/quality area.
4	Always on point. I get the Carmel chicken.. The crab wontons are a guilt must have. And I love there  tea too. Ate her for two years and always pleased. Thx!
5	I love Pei Wei. The food is delicious. The atmosphere is chill. The restaurant was clean and staff friendly.
5	Came here with my friend today cause we were starving and decide to go whichever next place we saw. And we were very surprised at how pretty the inside of the restaurant looked. The decor was amazing. I ordered the Japanese teryaki bowl vegetarian style and it was amazing. I loved the tofu and the brown rice and the veggies. My friend ordered the lo mein and she loved it. We didn't finish due to the fact that the portions are huge. (we didn't know it was a like share the bowl type of place, and when we figured it out we didn't do it because hers had meat). But overall this place was amazing. The employees are very very nice! And this place is vivid and just amazing. WAY better than panda express. I will definately come here again, and recomend it to everyone!!!
5	Very consistent food. Definitely a second best to P.F. Chang's.
4	The food was fantastic! I highly recommend  the lettuce wraps.
4	Then we went to dinner at Pei Wei. Not bad for an Asian fusion place. Filled with senior citizens, but that's not all that surprising. I had the Mango Thai Shrimp, apparently, which was good. Right amount of spice in the dish. Not too heavy, either. Steve and Chris had their own plates as well, both of which looked appetizing. Not crazy about the moderate wait nor the fact that strangers came up to the table with unnecessary parenting advice for Steve and Chris.
4	We use them to cater family get-togethers. Love the vegetarian dishes, especially the baked tofu- yum!  The Mongolian beef is a favorite with family.  When we dine in we always get the lettuce wrap.
1	We went as a family of 6 and was treated very poorly by the manager at the  place. The food was greasy (I guess most Americans would love it since they don't see the difference) The manager had the audacity to compare this restaurant with PF Chang which is equally greasy and bad. I wouldn't recommend this place to any health conscious people. To top it all its expensive. Go to taco bell or China Panda and save your frustration and your appetite. Just being fancy is not the attraction motto for me. Maybe they will train their managers to change the attire of the restaurant. I wont waste my time here.
5	I love their food. I have gone there multiple times and still think it's great. I especially love their soda machine.  The Mongolian Beef dish is my absolute favorite.
2	We are winter residents and always look forward to eating here when we return.  Sorry to say we were quite disappointed with our Pad Thai orders today, so much sauce that it resembled a thick soup.  The egg ingredient seemed to be overlooked and was in big slices rather than smaller curds,  when I asked a server about the sauce he replied that it wasn't really sauce but that the rice noodles were too wet.  Either way, it was not a pleasant dish today.
5	All around great flavor and portions. Perfect for take-out always consistent the fam eats here about three times a month never had a bad meal.
4	The vegetarian options are pretty good, especially if you like tofu. The restaurant was out of napkins the last time I was there and the staff was friendly. I would recommend the take-out option versus dining in though.
4	Pretty good food a chain. You do get a lot of food for the price. However, every time I have ordered online there has been a mistake. Sometimes they tell me they never even received my order when I received the confirmation email. Also, if you in during a busy time and have a teenage girl as a cashier, you're chances of having a pleasant experience with her are slim to none. This has happened to me multiple times with multiple different cashiers. I have spoken to the manager and he is always very apologetic, but I guess you just can't get stressed teenage girls to be nice to customers. I will continue to go here as the food is good for the price and they are relatively quick with preparation. Nice options if you're veggies as well.
5	What can I say, I'm a sucker for Pei Wei.  When we lived in California, I heard the place was shut down.  Glad to move back and see it open.  \n\nTake out rocks, call ahead.  They remember your phone number and name, so when you call they already know you.  They also save your last order to ask if you want the same, or to add anything to it... Nice touch.  I think I eat there too much! \n\nThe only thing I don't like, and I think I'm the only one who doesn't like it, is the soda machine.  Only because I always get a soda after someone has pumped out some nasty combination of orange soda and root beer, then I can taste it in my coke.  Wish they had some filter system.  Otherwise, I could eat here daily.  Find me here at least once a week! :)
2	Took the family there last week.  Ordered fried wontons, sweet and sour beef, Mongolian beef, honey crusted chicken and pad Thai noodles.  \n\nThe Mongolian beef was delicious, however the white rice was undercooked, some of the rice was hard still and crunchy.\n\nHoney crusted chicken also quite good, same story with the rice.  Same thing with the sweet and sour beef.\n\nOrdered the Pad Thai without peanuts... Son is allergic to peanuts so we made it very clear we didn't want anything with nuts.  They deliver the pad Thai with peanuts all over the top.  Sent it back and they fixed it.\n\nThey brought us spring rolls which we did not order.  We said they were not ours we ordered wontons.  They bring us the wontons a few minutes later.  The wontons are less expensive than the spring rolls, we point that our to the guy at the register and with a bit of smart-alecky-ness says that he \"let us keep the spring rolls\" and \"didn't charge is for all of our drinks\" as if he did us a favor.\n\nOverall the food was decent, the rice was terrible and the attitude of the cashier was not what I expected with a $65 food order!!\n\nI wouldn't go back for that price and food quality but perhaps we caught them on a bad day..
5	I love the food and the containers it comes in. We eat there sometimes and also carry out. My favorite is ginger beef broccoli! Thank you for the emails especially. I really appreciate it
5	Pei Wei has become a favorite \"take out\" spot for both myself and my girl friend.  We drive a little further than the local Taco Bell - KFC combination fast food stop, but to eat healthier it is certainly worth our time. \n\nYesterday, after our Silver Crafting Class, we drove the 2.4 miles and not only enjoyed a relaxing healthy lunch, but then purchased \"take home\" orders so we would have our evening meal in the refrigerator waiting.  (I brought my husband home an order of his favorite Kung Po Chicken with brown rice.)  \n\nIf you haven't give Pei Wei a try, stop in some time. I believe you'll enjoy it -- that is, IF, you enjoy Asian dishes.
4	It's just above average.  Portions are decent and cost was ok.  Got in and out fast by phoning our order in.  Good was ok, it didn't floor me but it didn't make me not want to there again.
2	In Surprise this is probably the best Chinese offering which isnt saying a whole lot. I really wish there was an awesome offering out there in terms of Chinese food.. Mexican food, oh yeah, some very good places mostly but Asian, youre better off staying at home and cooking. \n\nWe ordered the Asian Chicken Salad, chicken was old and had that old gross fridge taste.. Dan Dan Noodle, the noodles were over cooked and stuck together as one large soggy noodle.. Curry with Tofu, the curry had a weird perfume taste.. the honey chicken was pretty good as well as the hot and sour soup though neither made for good leftovers. \n\nWith Surprise having so many chains it wasnt surprising to see one of these finally opening up.. a far better choice than Panda Express.. kind of sad, huh?
4	I love the lettuce wraps here. They are simply the best.  I order carry out often from here. I occasionally dine in.  My problem with the dinning in is the seating. It is always difficult to find a seat.  The place really needs to expand.  If you have a party of more than 4 most days you can hang it up.  Other than the seating I like it. Large portions of rice and noodles.  A little stingy on the meat.
2	Just dirty ... Sometimes I wonder why we come back here. At the register the girl handed me a cup. There was particles of food on the inside. I handed it back and said \"It's dirty, I'll take a different one.\" She put the dirty cup back with the other 'clean' cups. I stopped and restated \"No. It's DIRTY, you probably shouldn't give it to someone else.\" (Shaking my head)
5	Hot,vegan,carbo load \nYou name it and they have it\nPricing is reasonable  and quality excellent \nNo disappointments here\nFive stars for the food \nWe try to stop by monthly
5	I eat regularly (3-5 times a month) at Pei Wei, usually in Scottsdale or North Phoenix. My wife's doctor is across the street from this Pei Wei, so we have been stopping in when we go to her baby check ups. It is, without a doubt, the best Pei Wei I have eaten at. It is consistent, they don't get frustrated if you customize your order, and the cooks on always on point. \n\nWish this location was closer!
5	This Pei Wei location has such kind, welcoming staff. They are so accommodating and hospitable. 5 stars, hands down.
4	Pei Wei is a fast, easy, cheaper PF Chang's - and that's what makes it great! If you like the tofu dishes at PF Chang's, you'll love Pei Wei. The food here is great. The service is exceptional. And the portions are huge! I usually end up taking about half the food home with me. Also, compared to other lunch spots near by (like Paradise Bakery), it's really not all that busy. Of course, it's not authentic Asian food, but you shouldn't be expecting that when you come here anyway.
1	The problem may be that I lived in the Bay Area for 30 years. There, bad restaurants expire in less that a year.  Pei Wei wouldn't last very long.  We had the Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao chicken.  The beef was in a salty, sticky sweet brown sauce that rendered it almost inedible.  The Chicken had little spice or sauce, although the pea pods were fresh.  Think Panda Express. Food is not serve family style. Food is ordered at the register and brought (eventually) to your table.
1	First time ever giving a review but felt it was necessary. I'm just gonna go all in and say it... Pei Wei sucks ass. It seems to be subjective, I know. But in comparison to legitimate Asian food, wheather that's credible Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, etc., I'm not sure how anyone can make a compelling argument that Pei Wei is \"good\" food.. The crab wontons are usually a sure bet at any Asian restaurant but for some reason it just always sucks ass here. Fishy weird taste that's contrary to what they should taste like and the sauce is garbage. Teriyaki Chicken was bland and shitty. Pei Wei Spicy dish was average at best only cuz of the sweet sugary sauce that masks the overall flavor. Now my girlfriend and I just feel like shit.. Why? Cuz it's shitty food. Also saw on the local news that the location on Glendale and 7th st. had 4 health code violations. I'm officially done with this place. Spend a couple extra bucks and go eat some authentic Asian cuisine at a family owned restaurant that actually knows how to cook real food.. Not some corporate food chain bullshit.. Thank you for reading and bless your heart.
2	The wait time for the food was way too long- 30 minutes for a bowl of spicy noodles with some veggies. I'm a guest from out of state but this is nothing better than my local Panda joint. They should probably let the customers cook the food cause we could do it faster. \nThe food was okay but the portions were a bit big. While I was waiting for the food (+30 min) I noticed a lot of people just ate a few bites and left the food on the table. So much food wasted- there must be a reason for that right?? \nThe bathrooms weren't clean, barely had soap no towels and toilet didn't even flush!! \nI hope next time I'm down here that it isn't this bad.
4	I ordered the teriyaki bowl and it was great food for the price.  Quite impressed by the variety of options on the menu. Not sure if this location was the one I tried.
5	Absolutely wonderful. This place is clean, the staff is wonderful and go out of their way to help you. They stay a step ahead of you and get what what you need. \n\nThe food is perfect! I have eaten here many many times and it has always been fresh, hot, and delicious! I highly recommend this place, 100%!
4	Service is a 4  . Very sloppy also the hot and sour soup aint that  bad if u add enough chile paste and salt and soy sauce the gentleman named pop he is the manager great service from him and this other lady did not get her name unfortunetly  I've changed my rating 2 times that's how impressed I am
5	We are from the Midwest and are visiting Phoenix on a vacation. We stopped in this place for some quick Asian food. What a great surprise! I had the Mongolian chicken and it was great. Very similar to PF Chang. You order at the counter and they bring the food. I wish we had one of these where I live.
1	I usually go to pei wei regularly and am usually over all satisfied.  However today did not go well . First I was unable to order online,   when I  went to pick up the food I brought  a gift card with a remaining credit on it and the remaining total written on top with a permanent marker which would have covered the entire cost of my meal. When I handed it over to the employee  she swiped the card and simply stated there is a zero balance on this card. To which I replied that can't be correct because the last time I used it the employee wrote the available balance on the top of the card for me. The cashier didn't seem to take me serious and simply asked for another method of payment. I was in a rush it was my lunch hour so  I paid out of pocket. \nThe sauce on my food taste watered down over all a poor experience. To add insult to injury I later called the number on my gift card and they assured me that I did have a credit balance which leave's me wondering what are gift card's good for? \nBUYER BEWARE...
4	Enjoyed the bright fun Mexican decor!  The food was delicious and reasonably priced!  And the margaritas were delicious!
4	I've been here at least 5 times now and each time is better than the last. I Iove what they have done to improve the building and add outdoor dining. Service is always good here and on par with other top places in Mentor. I really suggest the chicken soup on a cold day it's very yummy! Everything I've had on the menu has been great.
5	Terrific service. The place was packed, but we were seated right away. Chips and salsa on the table as we were seated. Great food, big portions, fast service.
4	Ate here for lunch on a Sunday.  Arrived around 12:30, and there were a decent number of customers seated.\n\nService was friendly and fast, food was excellent, and they have DRAFT BEER, including a couple of Mexican brews.\n\nThis location is the best Don Tequila I have been to.
5	Been dining here since it first opened. Wife is from tx so this is her taste of home. When tx folks come to visit they ask to go to Don's. \nIt's very good tex-mex.
5	If you have a hankering for Mexican, head on over to don tequilas. Fast service and delicious food with generous portions. We ordered the Guadalajara special tamale and the pollo adobe and they were both delicious.
5	I eat here all the time and most of the staff are from Guadalajara.... Food is definately \"americanized\" and by that i mean tamed down in heat and changed a little for what americans expect.... But when i order my racos de carne asada with lime and cilantro and onions.... All i get are big smiles and HOT sauce.... So if your in the mood for authentic hotmexican food.... Just let the waiter know.. Hell guide you to a great choice!
1	Always the same old bad Mexican food. At least this time I did not get the nearly 2 foot piece of hair in my Fajita Burrito.\nWhy many people I know, including my wife like to go to this place is beyond me.
4	Very good, reasonable priced . The Texas quesadilla with chicken, \nSteak, shrimp, onion, peppers and cheese was large and very good\nThey have Dos Equis on draft!
5	What a surprise!  The most amazing Mexican food I have ever tasted and I am a foodie. My husband and I ordered the table side guac.  Delicious!   Texas margaritas. Delicious!  Seafood burritos with fresh cilantro!  I will be salivating for them soon!  All of the food was so fresh!  You must try this place. We will try the Green Road location next as it is closer to our home.
2	Amazingly good Mexican food but they rip you off EVERY time.  They scratch your order on a piece of paper with no descriptions and prices never add up. Its ALWAYS more. We have checked this several tines and wrote down everything we ordered and the prices on the menu and its been 20-30% higher consistently every time.  Its too bad they scam their customers like this because the food really is awesome.  Write down everything you order and be prepared to question your bill.
5	We came here for the first time to celebrate my birthday.  We ate a ton of fresh chips in advance of the meal, the salsa was pretty mild.\n\nI had the Chori pollo, which is a burrito with chorizo and chicken with rice.  Man, it was amazing. Hot and spicy with peppers, I took some of the huge portion home and ate it the next day.  \n\nThe service was seriously, amazingly fast for a group of 4, and they kept our drinks regularly filled.
5	Yum!!! I love this place! Come almost every Friday. Try the Chicken Chili Verde, my first favorite dish. My new favorite, Burrito Chipotle!!!! So delicious! Don't forget the margaritas!! :)
5	We've eaten here 2-3 times a month for the last few years. It's my absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in the area. I've never had a meal I didn't like! The menu is so huge and full of options, even your pickiest eaters should be able to find something they can enjoy.\n\nI love how quickly the meals come out, which is especially nice when you're on your lunch hour. The portions are always great, and the staff treats us like family each time we stop in!
1	The food isn't bad, but every time I come here with friends they overcharge us. We end up getting charged at least a few dollars more than our menu items should be when we check out, and it's happened on several different occasions. \n\nThough the food may have been good and reasonably priced (on the menu, not on the bill), we will unfortunately never be going back. Very disappointing.
5	Amazing Mexican place!! Very tasty and reasonably priced. We ordered Molacajete, seafood chimi and carne asada burrito. The best!! Molacajete is a must try! This is something new I have never tried before. Service is quick! Cute authentic decor.
4	Service is great. Food is texmex and very good. I wish they offered black beans, I'm from California where black beans are popular. Margaritas are great, I got a buzz from two. The place was busy. Mexican families were here  and that's a plus.
4	With everywhere else packed on a Friday night, we wondered in, not expecting much quite honestly. \n\nWe both ordered off the specials menu, and my husband barely managed to squeeze in his standard 'where's my burrito' before two large plates, overflowing with food, arrived in front of us.\n\nThe food itself was good. Mexican food can too easily be greasy, but this was not. The menu is nothing startling, but the classic mexican dishes were all on the mark. And there was enough left over for a second meal tomorrow.\n\nPrices were very reasonable - our total bill, including tips, was less than $25.  Definitely planning another visit.
2	i don't understand all of the high marks for the this place. the chips were not good and the salsa wasn't good either.. the chips were bland, old and not seasoned at all, the salsa represented canned tomato taste, yuk, the chix enchilada was flavorless, while using white meat chicken it was not seasoned and very chewy, it had no flavor whatsoever and was definitely something \"not\" to order. the  most off putting thing about the place is the filthiness of all the furniture and the fact that we had fruit flies buzzing our table thru out our meal. while el rodeo and el patron are nearby, and have far better food,i cant understand what the attraction is to this place, will not be back
4	On a recent trip to Kirtland, OH.\n\nDecided to try even though the outside appearance was somewhat questionable.\n\nBut nice simple decor inside.  Friendly waitress who gave good tips from the menu.\n\nWe both had the Tres Amigos.  Nice chicken, steak, shrimp combo.
5	If you blink. You will miss this little eatery, squished into the corner of a small strip mall in Mentor, Ohio.\n\nI went with a friend of mine from the area, who was treated like a rock star when he arrived (well, he IS a rock star), and that's indicative of the casual and familial vibe at this restaurant.  I didn't take notes - too busy enjoying the company - but I'm pretty sure I got a burrito and it was delicious.  Margaritas were excellent (this much I do remember) and service was quick and pleasant.  Now that I know that this place exists, it gives me even more reason to travel to the northern tip of Ohio for good company and eats!
5	Good food, great prices, large portions, fast, friendly service. What more can you ask for. We highly recommend you try it!
1	This will probably be my last review of this location. I was at don tequila yesterday & the cashier was talking  to me but I couldn't understand so I laughed it off. \n    \nHe told me I looked sexy today and said something else. I said thanks and laughed so that he wouldn't be offended. He came around the counter and walked up on me then hugged me so I assume he was asking for a hug. \n    \nHe then whispered in my ear that he just wanted to feel my breast on his chest. Seriously....I don't feel like I need to wear jeans and sweaters in the summer because he is a pervert. \n\nIt was very disrespectful and unprofessional and I feel uncomfortable eating there anymore.
4	i love this place!\n\nFirst impressions this place is a fun atmosphere filled with mexican clay rooftops and colorful furniture.  You get your chips and salsa as you sit down as usual while they take orders for drinks.  They got horchata here now, which is a + in my book, if you haven't tried it yet, i totally recommend to.  \n\nThe food came out rather fast and speedy on extremely hot plates.  The salsa and hot sauces there are bombbbbb. Ask them for homemade style hot sauces they make in the kitchen, it's different everytime you go in.  Some will leave you sweating and some will leave a sweet or an extra tomato flavor in your mouth.\n\nThe food i'd definitely rate 7.5/10. as i'm a hardcore mexican food lover.  It's nothing you find in texas or california, but quite damn close.  I always find myself coming back to this fun filled, warm, family owned place and always leave feeling satisfied.  for taqueria style tacos, try the tacos el pastor!
5	Authentic. Delicious chips and salsa follow you to the table on arrival - food arrives on plates too hot to touch. We lived in the South West for 9 years and ate at many Mexican places ONCE, before calling DonnyTs our favorite. We have been enjoying perfect food here for 6 plus years. Very little turn over in wait or kitchen staff... consistent quality food and service.
4	Why hello service. Don't let the lime green walls scare you, this place is all business. Seated immediately, the waiter came to the table immediately, and the food came almost immediately after we'd ordered. Boyfriend got a combo platter with an enchilada and taquito and devoured the whole thing. I got a carnitas dinner platter and I could only finish half since I filled up on chips and salsa and guacamole. It was so good! \n\nThe only disappointing part was the dessert. We ordered flan, and when it arrived it was covered in whipped cream and strawberry sauce which I am not a fan of. The consistency was nubbly. Should've went with the churros.
1	Passed this place a few times and finally decided to try it. I got the #17 on the lunch menu. It was a burrito  with eggs, chorizo and cheese.  It was probably one of the most tasteless burritos I've ever had. It was covered in what appeared to be some sort of franks red hot sauce, and no im not mistaking it for enchilada sauce. The side of my plate was a pile of tomatoes shredded cheese and a piece of lettuce, a whole piece not shredded. Not happy with my lunch at all. The salsa and cheese dip were average, nothing to go crazy over. Service was quick and friendly. The food came out about 5 minutes after we ordered which kinda scared me. I like quick service, but also don't mind waiting a few minutes for some really good food. Overall the place was cute, people were friendly but food was less than OK. I wouldn't go back.
5	This is our go to Mexican restaurant. The staff is kind and courteous and Javier is an amazing gentleman. Always prompt , fresh and delicious. Their mango margaritas and dos Equis pair perfectly with our meals. Very family friendly and great atmosphere. Really a great place
4	Food was AWESOME. The normal tacos are ... well ... normal and typical. My wife ordered the chicken fajitas and they were very good fajitas. I ordered the burrito durango which was a 12 inch shell STUFFED with chicken, steak, and huge shrimp! I asked for it spicy... and it actually came with pretty good heat. The burrito was outstanding, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 3. Overall, we'll probably be back.
4	Food is always great especially Tableside Gauc but today service was really slow because of kitchen. Waiter couldn't have been nicer
5	We had a really good meal here, service was quick and accurate.  Food was definitely better than most Mexican places around.  Margaritas were very good.  Most of all, the place was very clean!  Would definitely go again!
4	Went on a saturday night on the first night of summer, and had a party of 12.   We were sat almost immediately.  Went there because they had catered a party of a friend of mine.\n\nOur server was professional, and bilingual.  But you could totally understand him and had a cool accent.  Americanized i suppose.  They do not use a POS system but use an old paper check system...so separate checks becomes an issue.\n\nThey put tons of chips and salsa in front of you...the chips are super crunch but almost no salt, and the salsa was bland for my taste.\n\nI had the el paso speciai; beef tip burrito and chicken burrito w/ rice and beans.  All came out hot but a little watery.  Dunno where that came from.  But I did ask for lettuce/tomato set as it did not come with any in or on it.\n\nKids food came out fast, they did have the world cup and that seemed to distract the waiters...but as far as Mexican food goes it was pretty good for Mentor.
1	Very bland. Salsa is like tomato sauce. Enchilada sauce taste like canned marinara.. just awful.
5	Been here a couple times and so far every time we've gone the foods been great, the service has always been friendly and the portions are amazing!
5	Tacos al pastor--delish! Salsa and guacamole was very fresh! Refried beans were super good. Service was friendly and fast. Beer was cold and the bathroom was clean. What more can you ask for?
5	We've been going here several times a month ever since they opened. Some of the BEST Mexican food I've ever had at absolutely the LOWEST prices I have ever found for food this good. Waiters friendly and attentive. Nice decor. Nice new Bar.
5	Love this place. I went there with me boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary and I am glad my colleagues suggested me this place. The food is really really good. They have a great cocktail list. \n\nWe shared the hot balls (delicious) and the rillettes (I loved it). Then, I had the beef tartare with the side of potatoes cooked in duck fat (awesome). To finish, I had the lemon pannacotta...this is by far one of the best dessert I've tried. I am not a dessert person and not a big fan of lemon but that dessert was just perfect!! \n\nThe service was slow so don't go there if you are in a rush! Our waiter was really nice  and even tried to speak in French as he noticed that we were speaking French. \n\nI will definitely go back there...I am sad this place is kind of far from were I live!
5	Had a lovely evening last night at Table 17.  Great selection of wine and the owner made an excellent suggestion of something we had never heard of before - bearing in mind both price point, meal choices and preferences (though overall it was a bit of a pricey list, only one bottle south of $50, just).  \n\nLovely, vibrant atmosphere, the polenta was delicious as a starter (the chef tops it with a different finish every day - last night it was meatballs) - though the other ones we saw at other tables also looked sumptuous - and our meals/sides were excellent.  Also, the food prices\n\nAll in all a great evening  - could have happily ordered anything from the menu, and what we did order was delish.   \n\nDefinitely will go back to work our way through the rest of the menu.
4	I've been here for a few dinners and brunches, and it has been a pleasure every time. \n\nThe service has always been very attentive and helpful. For one of the dinners, our group had trouble deciding on dishes so our server suggested that we pick a price point and let the chef put together a menu. It was a really fantastic experience!
5	Ok, full disclosure:  went here as a default because Ascari Enoteca was closed down due to a busted water pipe or something.  \nFood was AMAZING!  We ordered a bunch of appetizers and 3 mains, as well as dessert and cocktails......thought for sure we would get something that we did not like, but alas everything was delicious.  To quote an obnoxiously catchy song from The Lego Movie, \"Everything is awesome....\"
4	We had an exceptional experience at Table 17. Chef John prepared an incredible fois gras app, the squid ceviche did not disappoint... the Rainbow trout was melt in your mouth delicious and we ended our foodgasm with the dark chocolate tort.
4	Found this place by chance and walked in for brunch on a Sunday. There was one table available luckily. There wasn't a lot on the menu, but all the items we ordered wew so fabulous!! And very out of the ordinary. Service was good too.\n\nFrench toast with creme anglais, pastry shell with onions, pears etc... all fabulous. It's a delight for the senses, this place.
5	By far my favourite restaurant in the east end. Always great food and service - and a cool and inspired cocktail list. Great for any occasion!
5	I booked the private room for a small wedding reception recently. We had 14 guests, the room was perfect. Booking was incredibly easy and they took care of everything professionally and quickly. We were even able to come in the night before and decorate.\n\n\nThe dinner was amazing. We had the family style menu, which included: kale citrus salad, buffalo mozzarella, hunters mash, green beans, polenta with lamb bolognese, braised lamb shank, short ribs... There was more, but you get it. Lots of food for every one, lots to choose from, and so amazingly delicious. Everyone stopped talking at one point, they we're too busy eating.\n\nWe had a cake of our own brought in, so we got to take the dessert from the menu home. It was amazing, so decadent.\n\nIt was a fantastic dinner at the end of a fantastic day. I don't think I could have picked a better place to host my wedding meal.\n\nMy favourite was the polenta bolognese. I could eat that for days.
4	I had a nice time at Table 17.\n\nIt was busy when we got there. We had reservations but had to wait at the bar (no big deal) and the bartender (he's in his early 100s) was a riot.\n\nI had the polenta to start. It was creamy and buttery, and the braised pork shoulder in white wine on top was oh-so-good.\n\nI had the short ribs as my main. The meat was tender and moist and the root veggies were perfectly cooked.\n\nWe shared the hunters mash as a side - I was expecting more flavour.\n\nTable 17 had a great vibe to it.\nThe food was good. The servers were attentive. I'd definitely go back.
4	We had the scotch egg and the tomato based eggs. Everything was delish!\nWhile I prefer to have my bread toasted I understand it's not the french way (and they would have accommodated if I asked!)\n\nThe potato rosti was totally worth breaking the diet for, and comes in 4 pieces and is easily shared!\n\nThe americano was outstanding they use amazing beans, and I wanted more. I had on of their $5 mimosas which is something that would keep me coming back weekly if I could !\n\nThe staff are all super lovely, and the ingredients were all do fresh (you can tell these things)\nA perfect brunch spot, no need to wait in line at the other two \"brunch hot spots\" in the area. \n\nHighly recommend this spot!
4	my first time here. Very impressed. Food was very tasty. Our waiter recommended me the Trout and it was amazing. So fresh. It came with a side of vegetables and i got some steak fries with it as well.  The service was pretty spot on and we were always asked if  everything was o.k...which it was.
4	Walked in on a cold saturday afternoon round 1330!\nwaitress Helen received us very warmly and sat us at the best table for two by the window in the sun with view onto queen st east.\nWe started with mimosas while studying the brunch menu.\nHelen was helpful, knowledgeable  and prompt.\nI ordered the seasonal scramble, which today was chorizo artisanal, and tarragon scrambled fluffyly together with country butter toast. Loved it.\nMy girlfriend had the french toast, cinnamon creme anglaise and berries which she thought was pretty good.\nWe then asked for a cheese plate which was only available for dinner.\nHelen accommodated us with it anyway:\n*Paillot de chevre\n*Mapledale 5 year cheddar\n*Ciel de charlevoix\n*Monforte toscano pecorino\n*Clandestin \nGreat little figs stuffed with walnuts dry crannies and almonds\nA good bottle of sancerre and \"Voila\"\n$118 for the both of us\nwill come back, loved it!
2	I was very excited to try Table 17, and unfortunately it was a huge let down. I was made to feel very uncomfortable from the moment that I walked in. It was terrible service, and I was very surprised to see this. The waitress asked us to order our appetizer and entree at the same time, causing us to feel very rushed. We waited about an hour for our dinner and were quite disinterested when the food even came.  The beef tartar was by far my best course. The scallops were fine, as to be expected. The broccoli Was good once you were able to get past that it was cold. Wine list by the glass was limited, and we never heard of any specials for the evening. We did receive bread with oil prior to the meal, but no extra plate to put the oil on. We had to get up ourselves and go to the bread table for a plate, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper. An all around let down for a place that I had heard was good.
4	I've had the pleasure of dining at Table 17 on two occasions. One time we were a group of four and another time it was just me and my husband. The place is simple but beautiful - gorgeous reclaimed wood, candlelit tables and lush fabrics. It just feels good when you walk in. The staff on both visits were very friendly and attentive, and both times the meals were excellent. Their prix fixe meal is tremendous value for the quality of the food you get although just a heads up that some of the dishes are very rich, so go easy on the apps! (re: get yourself a nice salad if you order the short ribs or risotto). If you're feeling like a cocktail to start the meal (and who wouldn't?) I'd suggest the Bourbon sour. Yummy.
4	I'm going to ignore the fact that the service was off and just chock that up to the fact that it was the poor girl's first week, so the cocktail spilled, the flatware dropped and the general feeling that the girl was nervous as all get out didn't really taint my evening because the food was excellent. \n\nOur group started off with the polenta special, a strong recommendation from the friends that suggested Table 17. As I understand it, the polenta to start rotates nightly... maybe weekly? This particular night it was served with some seasoned pork and Parmesan cheese. Thumbs way up for the polenta, the pork on the other hand... eh. Didn't have a tremendous amount of flavor. But no worries. Our entrees were bomb. Fish, filet, sides I don't think you can go wrong, and I highly suggest grabbing things everyone will like because you'll want to start forking at your neighbor's! I was impressed this place had such a strong cocktail program, figured wine was where it's at, at a place like this.
4	I love this place.  It's definitely a little pricey, so it's more of a special occasion place.  Love the d\u00e9cor.\n\nThey have a gigantic table in the center of the restaurant where they slice your bread.  Kinda cool, but it takes up a lot of useful real estate.  Another 2 or 3 tables could potentially be in it's place.\n\nThe \"hot balls\" were highly recommended by a friend so we just had to order them.  I can't say I've ever had anything like them before.  There are 3 different types:  Arancino - mushroom & Fontina stuffed risotto, Goat cheese - wildflower honey, and Arancino - spiced lamb stuffed risotto.  A little expensive for the size of these things, but delicious.\n\nI went with the fish (trout) for my entr\u00e9e.  It was very good.  Nothing special or unique to report.\n\nI was very impressed with the service here.  I've recommended this restaurant to others, and they've loved it too.
2	Considering the amount of rave reviews on here, I suggested our group of five celebrate a birthday at Table 17. Maybe it was an off night but I walked away with a bad first impression. So did my guests.\n\nThe dinner reservation was at 5:45 on a Saturday, so it wasn't like it was packed. Still took close to 40 mins until our cocktails arrived. \n\nOur server was very pleasant but the service steadily declined over the course of our 3 hour (!!!) meal. Scatterbrained service, slow bartender and even slower kitchen. It was clear the kitchen and bar were completely backed up. \n\nOur table was finished our bottle of wine before our mains arrived so I ordered another glass of wine so I could enjoy some with dinner. That glass arrived 20 mins after I was finished my main. Lots of apologies but little else.\n\nThat being said, the cocktails, hot balls and panna cotta were outstanding. And the space is gorgeous. However, our mains were overpriced and overcooked. We all cleaned our plates because we were starving (almost 2 hours to receive mains), but they just weren't great. The Halibut was the best of the bunch.\n\nConsidering the amount of solid restaurants in this city, I won't visit again.
4	Booked through OpenTable a few days before, for 8pm. Zipped right in to our table.\nHad the marinated olives and Diver Scallops to start...wow! The scallops were fantastic, some of the best I have had here in Toronto. I am usually not a big b\u00e9arnaise fan, but found myself scraping the plate. The guanciale was a neat change too (different style of bacon).\n\nHad the pork tenderloin wrapped in pancetta for dinner, also fantastic. Well cooked and presented. Love the square plates.\nMy friend had the braised short ribs, but was mildly disappointed. Found them to be very chewy. She made up for it with chamomile grappa for dessert.\n\nThe cheese plate for dessert, was a LOT of cheese! Good size hunks of Ontario Swiss, Ontario 10 year cheddar, a blue (im not a blue fan, so didnt pay attention), a something else that was kinda gouda-esque, and wonderful creamy goat cheese. Plus bread, crackers, olives, honey and apricot jam. Massive. Took a piece of cheese with me to the car!\nMy friend had the chocolate trio. She didnt like the darjeeling sauce on the chocolate, so that kinda disappointed dessert.\n\nAll in all, i thought it was quite good, but rare occurrence in Toronto where i had a fantastic meal, but my dinner date's was ho-hum. We agreed though that we'd give it another chance based on the scallops alone.\n\nThe service we had was fine, gentleman with a bit of a british accent was quite good and knowledgeable. Too bad others had issues, thought our guy was fine.\n\nReservations are definitely recommended, was quite busy.
4	I came here for weekend brunch. We arrived around 11:30 and there was no wait, lots of free tables. It was packed by 12 or 12:30 though. \n\nThe place is cozy and inviting. It's nice enough for a romantic dinner (NB: Sunday and Monday nights they have a $32 three-course table d'hote, and bring your own wine) but relaxed enough for families with young kids. The chicken theme (in the logo, decor) reminded me of the old Bistro Bakery Thuet. \n\nThe brunch menu changes seasonally, so the current offerings are different from the menu on the website. I had the scrambled eggs -- smooth and fluffy with pecorino cheese and mixed peppers. It came with a green salad and warm baguette. It was filling without being too heavy or greasy. My DC had the Farmer's Breakfast, with a hard boiled egg in this deep fried batter, with an assortment of Ontario and Quebec cheeses (including a yummy Brie), pate, and tiny pickles. We shared an order of rosti, which was just right -- crisp and hearty. It's chunkier than the rosti at Le Petit Dejeuner, but not as thick as the rosti at Richtree/Movenpick. For drinks, I just had a glass of the freshly squeezed OJ. They do have $5 mimosas and caesars. DC had coffee, which was refilled diligently. \n\nThe whole meal for 2 people came to $40 including tax and tip. Pretty reasonable for a nice place and great food. Service was friendly and attentive. \n\nStreet parking on weekends is usually easy to find and $1.50 per hour. \n\nI checked-in and unlocked and offer for $36 for a \"14 oz. (!!) Heritage Beef Ribeye with hen of the woods mushrooms and mint & orange gremolata\" for my next visit.
5	I'll be frank: the only way we could afford this place was due to a gift certificate from a generous wedding guest. However, the food was right on the money. Good flavor; prompt service. If you have the money, go!
4	We were here for brunch a few weeks back - delish !  Service was great, food was fantastic, and as a nice surprise we didn't have to wait all that long for a table.  And a good brunch can't just rely on its food for good reviews, so the answer is yes, the Ceasars were awesome.  We don't really live in the area but our visit here was really good so we'll be back.
5	Had a very lovely meal here on Saturday. Came at 6:30 and it wasn't busy but filled up by the time we left. The crowd was definitely older, I don't think I saw anyone under 30 in there. Decor was very woodsy and rustic. But at the end of the day, it's the food that counts!\nWe had...\nHot balls: lamb risotto, mushroom and fontina risotto, and a goat cheese and honey balls. You get three little timbit sized balls for 7 bucks which I thought was very reasonable. They were so delicious, I wished we had gotten the double portion after we were finished.\nPolenta w/ Sausage Sugo: My affection for polenta knows no bounds so I loved every little spoonful of this. It came out on a slice of a tree trunk which allowed the polenta to slowly spread out perfectly over the dish. Polenta was creamy and had a nice umami flavour. Good liquid-to-polenta ratio made this comforting and incredibly addictive. Chef came out and laid the hot sausage meat sauce right on top of it. We loved it so much, we made it at home the next day...seriously.\nSteak tartare w/ frites and salad: Delish and flavourful tartare. The frites were incredible!! Get them!\n\nWill I be back? Yes! None of the dishes even remotely disappointed me and the service was solid.
4	One of my favourite restaurants in the neighbourhood. Food is consistent and the service impeccable. \n\nThe steak frites are the best in the city. Scallops, duck confit and short ribs are also regular favourites.
5	Literally my FAVORITE new restaurant in the northern hemisphere. I've all but given up on Toronto until finding this gem through a friend in New York who raved about it. \nTook my vegetarian children for dinner, and we had an absolutely outstanding experience. \nEverything from the friendly and funny staff, to the custom vegetarian dinner that the teens devoured, was spectacular. \nThe highlights: Hot balls, Brussel Sprouts, Diver scallops, Tartare, and the pasta was so light and tender with incredible delicate flavors\nKudos.\nWe'll be back soon!
4	The first time I came to Table 17 was a little over a year ago. I took my grandmother and my aunt out for dinner. The moment I came to this place I was very impressed. \n\nFirstly, it was very conveniently located to us. Secondly, it has this very home-y feel and decor. Nothing felt overwhelming. We came on a Monday night. (To my knowledge Sunday and Monday nights Table17 offers prix fixe menu.) We all ordered different staters, steak and different desserts! However, what made me fall in love with this place is thee amazing home made olive oil. Their olive oil tasted amazingly fresh and you can't help but eat all of their fresh bread with it. Unfortunately, in multiple occasions I've asked if I could purchase a bottle and to my disappointment they do not sell their olive oil. :( \n\nThe only thing I found about this place that did not satisfy my expectations were tht the servers are very slow and not as hospitable as other servers from my other experiences. \n\nOverall, I definitely recommend this place. Especially their duck confit which is amazing! \n\n-CL \n\nPS they take reservations and it gets pretty busy so be sure to make them. :)
5	Food: 9.5/10\nAtmosphere: 8/10 \nService: 9.5/10\nOverall experience: 9/10\n\nA lovely experience overall. Went and ordered:\n- foie gras appetizer\n- polenta (main #1)\n- pasta special\n\nAll the food was great. You could tell it had been prepared with great care and came out piping hot.\n\nThe service was also fantastic. The server was extremely helpful in selecting a wine, and providing recommendations on the menu. We didn't feel pressured at all during the meal to hurry up or order more AKA increase the bill amount.\n\nTHE BOTTOM LINE: wonderful food, and equally as wonderful service.
5	We went on a Travelzoo coupon and we arrived early for our 7:30 reservation. No problem, here's your table. Our server was fantastic! I can't remember his name, unfortunately. He made excellent suggestions, was very helpful, knew all the dishes, and the ingredients.\nWe had the Beef Carpaccio and Squid Ceviche in Gozpacho to start and were blown away by both!\n My wife was really looking forward to the lamb shank, which was not on that days' menu, so our server suggested the Venison loin. My wife had never had venison, so it took a little convincing, but she loved it.  It was probably the best venison I've ever tasted. I had the polenta with the wild boar sugo. very good. We also ordered the Roasted Jerusalem Artichokes, which were fantastic. \nThe wine was very good, and dessert was excellent, Maple Panna Cotta and Sticky Toffee Pudding.\n All in all an excellent dining experience.
5	This hidden gem is wonderfully delicious. Ordered from appetizers to entr\u00e9. Everything is great. Great service, great food, great environment. Can't complain about a thing here. Even their bathrooms are sparkly clean. Heard They're moving to another location soon or renovating. Better call ahead and ask. Duck confit and their pasta in beurre sauce is mind blowing. Worth a try If you're in the area. Something different for date night.
4	We were back here this evening.  Delish!\n\nI ordered the beef tartare - it was pretty tasty, large enough to share as beef tartare is both an acquired taste and fairly rich on it's own.  My main was the leg of lamb, it was a little well done for my liking, but the flavour was quite nice - the morel mushrooms were loaded with a burst of buttery flavour.  \n\nMy bf started with scallops, they were quite large for scallops, and quite nice, and had a white fish, not trout, maybe halibut, that was also quite delish.  I love the decor, and upon reading other reviews am super sad that I missed out on a group on!  It was wonderful anyway, and I think a great place to dine.  \n\nWe went for an early seating (a bit before 6), and I'm happy to report, that next time, I'll either go for another early seating or something later (after 9 in the evening), as it can get quite loud, and that makes it hard to hear your dining companion!
5	Love this restaurant!!! Awesome brunch, $10 for anything on the menu. My hubby doesn't get super full off of the stuff, but I'm good with the amount. Awesome decor too!!
4	We went here for Mother's Day brunch.  I had a very good egg omelette with guacamole and my wife had the French toast. Very nice intimate setting and the menu has very nice choices.  We got our son a fresh berry yogurt which I ended up eating most of it because it was so good. My son was still quite happy regardless. We will definitely be back to claim our check in deal but that is not what would bring us back. The exciting dinner menu is why we will be back soon.
5	We had a great time. Dinner for 4 - with a healthy amount of food (or unhealthy - depends on how you look at it).\n\nThe polenta had their \"reindeer sauce\" which consisted of venison, spices, and berries. Delicious. \n\nOysters were tasty, and the braised pork was unbelievably good. No idea what they used for aromatics - but there was a hint of fennel that was incredible. \n\n$400 for 4 people and drinks. Not a value dinner, but enjoyable, and guarantees my return. \n\nOh. Peanut Butter Panna Cotta. Order it and thank me later. Servers were hilarious, attentive, and accommodating. I just can't see anything wrong with this place.
5	I left Table 17 as pleased as could be last weekend- indulging in the very reasonably priced Sunday night table d'h?te we enjoyed the scallops, salted cod, polenta, boar sausage, panna cotta and gingerbread cookies with eggnog (!) We were particularly wowed by the boar but the entire meal was fabulous.\n\nAs a big bonus the place is BYOB with no corkage fees for one or two bottles.\n\nA couple other reviewers noted a lack of attentiveness on the part of the servers- I would contend that our experience was the complete opposite of this. The server was charming, present and exceedingly helpful. Maybe this can be racked up to visiting on an early December Sunday evening? In any case, it was exactly what I was hoping for and more.
2	I wish I could share Avitania B.'s Groupon enthusiasm because I found this place a big let down. I too had a $50 Groupon here and was really excited to give it a try. \n\nAt first I was concerned that this place may be too fancy and romantic for a casual dinner with a friend, but the other patrons made that problem go away fast! Picture It's 9pm and you are trying to enjoy your meal next to four tables of three super loud middle-aged women who are all gossipping and complaining about their \"first-world problems\": She only got a 1.5 karat ring... I hate it when my maid doesn't iron the cuff on my pants... blah blah blah. I honestly wanted to tell them to all shut up. This is by no means the restaurant's fault but killed the ambiance for sure.\n\nThe food itself was good but the portions are quite small. I also found the menu selection to be minimal with only 6 entrees to choose from including a super tasty but super small bowl of pasta with wild mushrooms for $18.\n\nI found the service friendly but very slow and inattentive. At times I felt as though I might need a bell to get the waiter's attention.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I love that they aren't over-priced (not cheap either, mind you) and that they can usually manage to squeeze you in at the end of the service without a reservation (I'm a late eater.) The appetizers are where it is at here!
4	Had dinner here once and it was ok, but the brunch was great. I had the Sloppy Giuseppe - Two sunny side eggs top a crispy, fried polenta cake, surrounded by a moat of Bolognese sauce. Awesome. I'll definitely be back for that alone.
4	Is the food at Table 17 excellent? Yes.\n\nIs that enough for me to give it five stars? No.\n\nI've been twice, once for dinner and once for brunch. On both occasions my meals were delicious, fresh and expertly prepared and presented. Wine and coffee top notch also! Yet, I still left hungry, and somewhat frustrated.\n\nWhy? The portion sizes at Table 17 are just too small, even for the average appetite. Add in frankly exorbitant costs, and it becomes clear that this place just ... well, just could be so much better. My French toast for brunch was served with about five berries -not even a salad - and must have amounted to about three slices of bread in total. $10 before tax.\n\nThe dinner menu was infuriating in its unnecessary pretentiousness. It took me about five readings of the menu to actually understand what was on offer. Less of the fancy culinary jargon and arbitrary French/Italian synonyms for basic food items, please. My chicken mushroom tagliatelle was flawless as it was - was there really any need to describe it as \"Hen of the woods (is that the new word for chicken?!) hedgehog mushrooms, with tarragon beurre fondue\"?! \n\nAgain I must reiterate the pricing. Two mains, one shared side and a glass of wine came to $70. \n\nThankfully, the friendly service and general lively ambiance is spared the unnecessary pretensions of the menu. And if the food continues to be mouth-wateringly delicious (and trust me, it is), then I can't see why I wouldn't return to Table 17, for a special occasion. \n\nThis restaurant could be a true five-star establishment, if only it had bigger portions and a more down-to-earth, straightforward menu, that would allow the world-class food to speak for itself.
4	Brunchy time and we have a winner.  To start, we got a seat right away on Sunday for brunch.  I highly suggest going around 11:30 as you just miss the 12pm rush.  It is a stylish restaurant and the service was top notch.\n\nFor my meal, I had the french toast.  It was good - light and perfectly cooked.  The cinnamon anglaise tasted like melted ice cream.  There was an assortment of berries as well.  Their orange juice was freshly squeezed and we were in and out in under 45 minutes. \n\nDefinitely will be back for another brunch extrodinaire!
5	What an experience: from the shabby-chic decor, to the wonderful service, Table 17 was an all-around treat. \n\nFirst off the \"hot balls\" ( I know, I know), were phenomenal: arancini stuffed with risotto, another with goat cheese, and finally the crab. Each came with their own dipping sauce: amaaazing.\n\nFor dinner, the lamb tenderloin with a parsnip puree was cooked to perfection, a friend ordered the steak frites (delish), the beef tartare was tender and spicy and you can't really go wrong with an arugula salad, which was fresh and tasty. The presentation of the halibut wrapped in ramps (mild leek), was a show-stopper (as was the pomegranate mojito). \n\nGreat place for a date, for a nice celebration, or just a nice culinary experience.
4	Was here for my first time just last week. Loved it. It was highlighted by the Soft Shell Crab and the Hunter's Mash. Also tried my first pint of Chambly on a recommendation from the bartender. I will be hunting this beer down in other restaurants I visit. \nAlso, they are very quick to respond to any questions you have via Twitter.
4	Bottom line: great food, cute place, fabulous dinner. Would definitely go again. On the pricier side for the neighbourhood, but nothing ridiculous. Remember to make a reservation.\n\nWent to Table 17 for dinner last night. My dinner date and I stupidly didn't think to make a reservation at 7:15 on a Saturday night (dumb, I know). So I definitely recommend a reservation. He had been to Table 17 before, I had not. Of course there were no tables when we arrived, but the staff were more than happy to seat us at the bar, which was thankfully empty when we arrived. Usually not a fan of having a nice dinner at the bar, but the barman managed to do a good job of staying out of our face, but being attentive at the same time. Of course the seat wasn't the comfiest, but that was our fault.\n\nFood:\nThe server/ bartender made sure we knew all the daily specials and even recommended a few and took our drink orders (just beer). He also brought us a basket of bread, though it almost wasn't necessary because our appetizer came quickly.\n\nTo start we shared a Buffalo Mozzarella salad (arugula) with spiced pumpkin puree and honeycomb - yum! My date wasn't too sure about the honey at first, but actually really liked it, was a nice flavour with the mozzarella. The warm pumpkin  with the cheese was my fave part - so delish. \n\nFor my main I chose the pasta. It was capellini (I think, can't quite recall)...with gorgonzola cheese, roasted hazelnuts and I'm sure I'm forgetting a few ingredients. It was awesome - great mix of flavours and the pasta was cooked perfectly and served hot. I was skeptical about the hazelnuts at first but they were a great compliment to the gorgonzola. The portion was pretty big for this type of place, so my date had a bit of my pasta too and he also thought it was yum.\n\nMy date had the beef short ribs and said they were excellent and that the meat was falling off the bone. (As someone who does not eat beef or pork I was assured this was a good thing ha). It came with root vegetables and parsnip puree. Just as we were digging in our server brought a little bowl with extra root vegetables because the chef had suddenly realized my date didn't get enough. Once he pointed it out we realized there were only like 3 mini veggie cubes in his dish so it was nice that the staff noticed before we even did. \n\nWe contemplated getting dessert for a minute, but were pretty stuffed. Maybe next time I'd skip the appetizer and try a dessert.\n\nOnly main downfall was sitting at the bar, it's not the comfiest to sit on a stool and it felt a bit crowded when other patrons were seated at the bar. It was also a little chilly/breezy as it's near the door and it was cold out. But that was our own fault.\n\nNot sure what the total bill was in the end for the 2 drinks, appetizer and two mains, but our mains were around $20-25, some on the menu were a little pricier.\n\nOverall great food, good service, cute place, fairly priced (though pricier than some of the other places in the neighbourhood). Definitely recommend.
4	If you want to have a more quiet place to meet up with your spouses parents for the first time - that's the place to go on a Saturday morning. Make sure to come early as they don't accept reservations for less than groups of 6!!
5	We really enjoyed this place.  Food and service was excellent.  Table 17 has different and unique things to try! I highly recommend the goat cheese balls, they were fantastic!!
4	I went here for the brunch the other day in this little bistro-style restaurant in Leslieville and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. \n\nThe restaurant itself has a really cool decor - very minimal but rustic decor, brown paper tablecloths, quaint, romantic tables and nice, high ceilings. I couldn't get over how much personality the restaurant has, especially considering how new it is. \n\nAnd obviously its age has no affected its popularity. The place was packed at about 1 pm on a saturday. But considering how tasty the food was, I was surprised how busy it was. I ordered a mimosa and the toritilla - a sort of spanish-style dish that takes eggs, potatoes, cheese and bakes it into some quiche-type thing. It was served with a fresh tomato dip and some greens and it was absolutely delicious. I also sampled my boyfriends cheese plater, toasts with a variety of cheese and fruit, and it was also very tasty. \n\nMaybe it's because it's new, but the service was the one thing that didn't make this a 5 star occasion. Our waitress was slow, took forever to take our order and then forgot what we wanted. But the food was so good that it didn't ruin the experience.
5	Great decor, great food, great drinks.\nFood was really good, not a huge selection on the menu, but it was also a set menu for the night, so can't comment on the normal menu. Food was very tasty, and there was a very different selection of draft beer, all ones I hadn't heard of, but the one I tried was very good. Will definitly be going back!
4	Stopped in right after lunch shift for a couple drinks. Bar tender was really helpful, friendly, and made for a great weekend afternoon drink. That said, they were definitely on the pricey end.
4	I went here with a group of 4 late on a friday night at around 9:30 pm. We had a bottle of wine, foie gras, risotto, the ribeye, and a few other sides. Everything was perfect. Service was great. Prices were not cheap, but worth every bit. This is a place is good for 2 to 4 people who don't mind sharing some delicious plates and paying for quality.
4	PEI oysters with the lime-tequila sauce were great.  The menu on the website was out of date, so the bearnaise I was expecting to have with my steak frites was not available. However, the chimichurri sauce that replaced it was very good.
4	Rarely do I ever venture east of Yonge. It terrifies me. But when my BFF requested we go to Table 17 for her birthday, I put on my big girl pants and made my way to the East. Walking along queen, east of Broadview, I was amazed at how much has changed (I lived on Broadview and Dundas years ago and this was NOT the place to be). \n\nOnce we arrived at Table 17 I was really impressed with the overall vibe. Warm, inviting, with minimal segregation from the kitchen to the dining area (I love seeing who's making my meal!). \n\nI had oysters to start and the beef tartare for my main. It was chalked full of flavour. Everyone else at the table really enjoyed their dishes as well (Some fish, some pasta... no weak meal was served). \n\nThe server was wonderful. He had a great balance of being helpful and present at times and then absent when he wasn't needed. \n\nGreat venue... worth making the trek across the yonge street tracks.
4	Had brunch again at Table 17 for a third time and each time it's been better and better.  Last time I had the daily quiche and it was good.  Today I have the Alsatian tart with salad and I enjoyed every bite of it.  \n\nI'm really shocked to read all the reviews about bad service.  Having been to this restaurant six or so times now, I have never once encountered any rudeness.  Maybe I've just lucked out.
5	I am reluctant to write a review for Table 17 only because I want it to be Leslieville's best kept secret! I went for brunch with my husband and a friend. For Saturday brunch at prime brunching hour, we were quickly seated. The place wasn't full like all the surrounding places so not only were we served quickly, but we were also not rushed out the door. It made a great easy Saturday morning. \n\nServing staff were friendly and helpful. We loved that their bread comes from Bonjour Brioche, the best bakery east of the Don! My tart was so flaky and warm. Great sweet and savoury flavours in an appropriate portion for brunch. Everyone's plates were well-presented. \n\nThe decor had rustic charm and we didn't feel crammed in like many small brunch spots. \n\nOur coffees and water were constantly refilled and I spent an easy afternoon sitting and catching up with friends. What more can you ask for to make an enjoyable and easy-going Saturday brunch? \n\nI would definitely return to Table 17.
5	The only downside about this place is that somehow I've only just discovered it!\n\nMy friend and I walked in around 11:00am on a Saturday after a workout. The restaurant was reasonably busy but there was no line-up - a welcome change for weekend brunch in Leslieville/Riverdale! The interior is dark wood/brick and quite cozy. Realistically, we were a little under-dressed for the occasion but they welcomed us in any event.\n\nMy friend had a dish (whose name escapes me) but consisted of eggs served on bolognese sauce on top of polenta. I had the quiche with a tomato salad. Both were really fantastic. Brunch entrees were reasonably priced at about $10.\n\nDuring our meal we saw a server walk by wih an order of frites and quickly decided we had to order them. No regrets here - crispy, salty, and delicious! At $4, totally worth it.\n\nI would absolutely return and recommend.
4	Dropped in on a Sunday for Table 17's BYOW Table D'Hote.  There was a '96 Bourdeaux that just had to be drunk and so my friend and I spent a lovely Sunday evening dinner obliging.  \nTable D'hote gives you a  selection of pork belly, steak frites, trout and a vegetarian option with a selection of first courses and desserts to go with it.  \nNeither of our dishes disappointed.  \nWhat we got was high quality, well prepared bistro fare at a very reasonable price.  Service was efficient if not overly friendly. \n\nI remain a fan of this cosy Queen East bistro and wouldn't think twice about many repeat visits.
4	Nice atmosphere with good food and attentive service.\n\nThe much-touted hot balls appetizers are a little over-rated: they are basically breaded, deep-fried balls of something with dipping sauce and were edible but nothing to write home about.\n\nFor entrees we had the delicious beef short ribs and black cod.  Both were cooked to perfection and in manageable portions (I often feel that mediocre fine-dining restaurants throw large portions at you to compensate for weak flavour).\n\n$250 for 4 people with some booze.
4	This was a nice little surprise.  My Friend and I were planning on going to The Comrade which is 4 units West of Table 17 but their food selection was limited.  The Comrade bartender recommend this place so we thought we'd give it a whirl.  \n\nThere was a good feel to this two roomed restaurant, classy but not fancy.  There was a long wooden table in the middle of the 2nd room where the wait staff cut bread and got their serving supplies from which I thought was a nice touch.  The waitress we had was extremely helpful in her recommendations, both in food and drink and cute as could be.\n\nI will return.
4	Table 17 is a truly awesome restaurant and worth a visit. My girlfriend and I stumbled across it for brunch one weekend and were impressed. We then returned for Sunday dinner and realized they have no corkage fees that evening, what a nice surprise.\n\nThe people running this restaurant get it, down to every detail. The servers are very friendly and helpful. The decor is nice, nothing overdone, just comfortable and 'rustic chic' which fits the type of place they are and food they serve. \n\nSpeaking of food, it's the best part. I don't have a high end palate, but I can say that I enjoyed every dish and felt the pricing was fair. Servings were generous so you won't come away hungry. \n\nBravo guys. Bra-vo.
5	We're regulars here. Delicious brunchs! Delicious dinners! Service is quick and helpful. Is a dressed-up/relaxed place. Bonjour Brioche have a line, come here!!!
4	Appetizer:\nHot Balls: Arancino - Mushroom & Fontina stuffed risotto, Goat cheese - with wildflower honey, Arancino - Spiced lamb stuffed risotto with mint\nMy friend asked me which one is which as she could not decipher. The flavours of each is not very strong....like it didn't punch you in the face. The mushroom flavour was not very full. The lamb flavour was very slight. The one with the most flavour is the goat cheese ball. It really had to be elevated by the sauce at the side. I actually had no issue with that because I often find the gamey taste of lamb and goat distasteful. She on the other hand was slightly disappointed about the legendary hot balls from Table 17. \n\nDiver Scallops: Diver Scallops with Roasted with fresh bay leaves, served with sauce b\u00e9arnaise & guanciale\nI liked this dish. It was again on the heavier and saltier side. Everything plated works together harmoniously. The scallop balanced the b\u00e9arnaise and the guanciale perfectly. The texture of the scallop is escalated by the crunchiness of the guanciale. \n\nEntr\u00e9e:\n\nHaddock: Haddock with chanterelle mushroom, sprouts, truffled potato, radish\nPerhaps our expectations for fresh seafood is a little high. We both felt the haddock is lacking in freshness. Fresh fish tends to hold together better. The sprouts were supposed to reduce the heaviness of the dish but it just wasn't enough. \n\nDessert:\n\nLemon Panna Cotta with Blueberry compote. This dessert hit all the right notes! The panna cotta was silky and smooth (like my legs...just kidding!) The delicious blueberry compote adds fruitiness (DUH!) to the plate! The lemon balm gives it a bite of citrus taste. It was awesome! The combination just sings in your mouth! I can eat that all day! Nom nom nom! \n\nIn the end, I wish the chef would balance the dishes with more acids, spices and fresh herbs instead of sodium and grease. We are definitely anomalies here. Table 17 had garnered a lot of loyal patrons over the years. I really wanted to fall in love with this cosy little restaurant!
4	I am a fairly regular dinner guest at Table 17, and thought it was time to leave a review.\n\nAmong the cosy bistros popping up in Leslieville, Table 17 was among the first, and is among the best for its consistency in quality of food and service. I also really appreciate the Sunday & Monday BYOB nights, and wish other restaurants would take Table 17's lead on this generous offering.\n\nI am always happy to see my favourite mains such as the braised beef short ribs and steak frites on the menu (and I happily order them over and over each visit - the fries appear to be crisply double fried in duck fat in traditional Belgian style. Yumm!) \n\nThat said, the menu does not seem to have changed very much over the years, and I almost wish they would take that risk and do a bit of a menu refresh. I still give it 4 stars because I go there when I crave my favourites. When I'm feeling adventurous, I just go a little further west on Queen to Ruby Watchco.
4	Very good food and great atmosphere, friendly service. Bottom line: impossible to go wrong with a visit.
5	Went to a Brunch party and it was so cool and awesome, the food and service where amazing and the stuff where so funny!! \n\nKnow I here is shut down and closed that's sad :(
4	What a relaxed place to enjoy a nice dinner. Table 17 is intimate, split into two rooms.  The service is very personal but not invasive.  Tonight we got the right amount of attention without feeling rushed. \n\nThe menu is well edited with interesting selections. We choose the artichokes and  bocconcini as the starters followed by venison and steak tartare, with sides of amazing Brussels sprouts and frites. All excellent, but the venison was truly a standout. \n\nI have been here a couple of times, but tonight was the best. Certainly will return.
4	I think the main problem with this place is that it is too small to accommodate people who may want to hang out after dinner and have a few drinks. There is a bar, but it's small. \n\nAs for the food: quality ingredients, food cooked simply, and the right way. The trout was prepared perfectly. Overdone fish can be a problem, but not here. \n\nThe food was also not over-seasoned, which is one of my peeves with restaurant food in general. The flavors of the foods themselves are predominant here. Not that I don't enjoy spice, but there is a balance.\n\nThe duck rillette was really delightful, and I am generally not a huge duck fan. I'm not sure if that was orange zest or I imagined it in there, that's how subtle the flavors can be, but  I loved it. Especially the piquance of the pickled carrots with the toast and meat. Would have bought a quart of the pickles if we had room in our luggage. \n\nThe duck-fatted mash was bit too heavy for me that night, but my fiance had no trouble finishing it off. They give you a good heaping pile.  The greens were perfect to me--again, very simply prepared. \n\nThe arugala salad had the perfect amount of dressing on it. A little too much goat cheese on it for me though, could have been balanced more in that way for me. \n\nWe might even go back before we leave Toronto  to try the Polenta, which unfortuntely they were out of.
2	Disappointing experience.  The restaurant was packed and my friend and I were crammed into a small table where we were basically touching elbows with the tables beside us.  The food wasn't anything special which surprised me - I had been intrigued to try this place for a while but I won't be going back.
4	Table 17 is a quaint find in Leslieville village perfect for a good catch up with your girlfriends or a dinner date.  The restaurant is divided into two rooms - the first room you walk into features a long bar and some seating and the room towards the side which we get seated in, is simple, farmhouse chic.  The menu has amazing sharing plates and we do choose a couple to start with. \nWe were very impressed with the presentation of the polenta du jour dish.  This is a must at Table 17!  The fluffy, white polenta, dished out on a wooden cutting board was accompanied by the chef who ladled a \"ragu\" of steaming lamb on top of it. There was chili and dried basil on little spoons for more flavour.  It was heart-warming, a generous portion - ideal for our group of 3.  The lamb ragu was flavourful and the polenta with some grated Parmesan cheese and cracked pepper was still light as air.\nAs a note, Sundays and Mondays it's bring your own wine with no corkage fees with decent prix fix menu on offer
2	Meh. Service was bad and food wasn't much better. The restaurant was clearly understaffed and our server rushed us all night.\n\nTo be fair, the hot balls and kale salad were very good appetizers. The main course was a huge disappointment. My fianc\u00e9 ordered the trout on a recommendation from our server. It was bland and undercooked. The avocado mousse tasted processed and fake. I ordered the Simcoe County Pork Chop after our server highly recommended it over the steak frites. Super bland, no spices. \n\nMaybe it was an off night as there seem to be mostly positive reviews, but we left disappointed.
5	I had a groupon certificate for Table 17 and I'm not usually one to purchase groupons unless it's a place I really want to try or already like, We walked in without reservations, which I am also not prone to doing, but they had a small table available that was out of the way and quiet.\n\nI've heard others complain about the service here. I found it to be fabulous, and I'm in the industry myself, so I know what the job entails. Our server explained the specials and gave us some great recommendations for drinks and menu items.\n\nThe hot balls (arroncini) were fabulous and small enough to add on to any meal without spoiling your appetite. Lamb leg and merguez sausage wad fabulous and surprisingly lean.\n\nDesserts looked fab, although we were too full, but I loved that the cheese platter was priced with a glass of tawny port. Delicious.\n\nOverall, a great dining experience and will be back for sure!!!\n\nP.S. when you use a groupon, please please please remember to tip on the amount before discount. Your server worked just as hard as he or she would for any other patron and it's in very bad taste to not acknowledge this.
5	Had dinner with some colleagues on Monday Dec 30, 13.  The food was ah-ma-zing!!  In addition it was BYOW night and no corkage fee - just some extra special icing on an already delicious cake!  You can't go wrong at table17.
5	Came for brunch with my wife and two young boys on a Saturday. We had the scotch eggs and Giuseppe eggs. They have $4 kids meals too. We got the French toast which was two slices with fruits. We also got a side of rosti. Everything was really delicious and unique. I've been searching for a great French toast and this one was right up at the top. Full of flavour but not too heavy. Prices were all pretty reasonable around $10-$12. We'll be coming back for sure!
4	What a great little restaurant in Leslieville.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and the service.  Not too expensive and the the variety on the menu was a nice change from many other restaurants in the city. \n\nCall me a fan. I will definitely go back!
4	I have only been for brunch but was impressed.  Very friendly staff.  Somewhat traditional French brunch menu, and well executed items.  They have some fun cocktails, and the ambiance is great.  The nature of the menu (not traditional brunch obviously) precipitates only infrequent visits (I'm and eggs benny guy on Sunday mornings) but when we go we love it.
4	All hail the mighty Groupon, without which I never would have experienced this place. After a really long, rainy, and cold school week during which my meals mainly consisted of stuff I grabbed from convenience stores on campus, I really needed a good dinner. Table 17 hit just the right spot. We started with a charcuterie plate, which was all kinds of good and porky. The standout starter for me, though, was the Ribollita soup -- a white bean soup with pancetta and kale. I could live off bowls of that stuff. For my main, I chose the braised short ribs. They were fork tender, but slightly dry and tough on top -- maybe I got the top of the pot or something -- but still delicious and just the perfect comfort food that I needed.\n\nService was great for the most part, but they were experiencing problems with their credit card machine that was a little frustrating -- they didn't seem to have a separate phone line for their credit card machine, so every time someone would call the restaurant, it would kick the credit card machine offline. Consequently, it took FOREVER to get our card charged for dinner. The food was excellent and I'm definitely coming back soon (dying to try their BYOW Table D'hote on Sundays and Mondays), but next time I visit, I'm totally bringing cash.
4	We've been here for brunch a couple of times. Had the rosti both times, as well as the neapolitan eggs and the weekly scramble. Both times everything has been excellent and the service is great and friendly. Also entirely reasonably priced. Recommended.
4	I've been to Table 17 twice, and since the first time I came here, I have been anticipating the next time I would reunite with the sticky toffee bread pudding!\nWith a groupon in my hand and the final days ticking before expiration, I knew I had to get in here for what I hoped to be a fantastic dinner.\n\nThe tables were a little bit close, but not intruding and the waiter was patient and informative with the questions I had (I always have questions!)\n\nFor our shared appie, we went with the Burrata because I have been looking for a good burrata dish since I moved back to TO and had not found it yet.- I tried one at Reds last year and thought that it was not creamy enough and unfortunately, this one missed the mark as well. I thought that there was not mixture between the mozza and cream, so the soft texture of the burrata was lacking. The flavours and other components of the dish paired very well.. just wish there was more creamy goodness.\n\nIt happened to be Good Friday and I really did not plan to eat meat that night. I was tempted to go with the shortribs because I knew I would not be disappointed from my first experience. I was debating between the pasta and one of the fish dishes but there was one component of each dish that did not speak to me.\n\nOn a whim, I went with the scallops at the very last second. It came in a creamy broth (was not a fan at first read) but it had been quite some time since I had some good scallops and I definitely had set some high expectations. On first bite..... I was grinning ear to ear... the scallops were perfectly cooked, loads of flavour in the broth, and I could not get enough. I'm just not a super big fan of clams, so I cannot really comment on them. None the less, I tried to scoop up ever last ounce of the broth on the plate! The short ribs were tender (husband's review), and very tasty.\n\nFor dessert .... I did not have to look at the menu - sticky toffee pudding it is.... it came out hot in a ramekin, loaded with caramel sauce and apple butter on the side. Rich, decadent, tasty, mouth watering..... it was just like I remembered and more! S had the banana cheesecake, which I was hesitant about because I'm not sure how that could go well together... but it was actually surprisingly subtle but evident in banana flavour. With a touch of peanut butter to finish it off, the dessert was a great choice.\n\nI'm so glad that my second experience was just as good as the first. As someone who doesn't repeat restaurants often, I can vouch that this one will not disappoint.
4	I can never resist hot ballZ (sexy menu item here at Table 17).\n\nConveniently located near Jilly's (hey!!!), Table 17 is possibly a little too beautiful for the neighbourhood, but I suppose that makes it a true diamond in rough because it's such a nice place.\n\nI tried the Ontario lamb with merguez sausage (lamb x 2!) for my entree. Lamb was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the merguez was delicious. A perfect plate.\n\nThe hot balls come 3 ways and each is served with it's own dipping sauce. I think these are a \"must have\" if you come here.\n\nThe service was excellent and our water & wine was always kept topped off .\n\nIt's a small place with only a few tables, dark hardwood, large mirrors, chandeliers and a nice long wooden table in the middle with food artfully displayed. Definitely a great date spot.\n\nThe wine list is extensive but the price point was a bit over the top - no bottles under $60 and the 1/2 liters started at $45. Apparently on Sunday/Monday you can bring-your-own-wine, but not sure what the corkage fee was.
4	I have been hear a couple of times and overall have enjoyed the food.  I had the trout as my main and it was very fresh and perfectly cooked.  It came with some pretty boring side vegetables but overall the meal was satisfying.  Its a little on the pricey side but our server was great and I enjoy the vibe.
4	Quite a great meal. Came early and even though we booked using OpenTable and it was busy, we were allowed to sit. \n\nSpecial was Foie gras and said yes before the words were out of the servers mouth. Shared tartare and it was glorious with a very large hint of moutarde, but U dug it. Shoulder of Ontario lamb was great with a hint of mint in the salsa verde. I'm not a dessert guy but the Gateau Elvis with chocolate, caramelized bananas and peanut butter was awshum. \n\nNice wine list. Will return soon. \n\nOnly thing hindering a 5-star is the fact that we had to top up our own wine a couple times.
4	My experience with Table 17 were excellent.\n\nI do like the French Countryside deco giving the interior a homey and farmhouse vibe.\n\nWe were greeted warmly at the door and the service was really attentive for the whole evening.\n\nWe shared:\n\nLamb Polenta ($14)\nDuck Confit ($26)\nVanilla poached rhubarb ($8)\n\nEverything was well prepared with great care. I even enjoyed my Lamb Polenta and I am not a lamb or polenta lover!\n\nThe restaurant did get busy even on a weekday evening. I guess a lot of people were taking advantage of their prix menu $35 during Sunday and Monday with BYOW.\n\nWill definitely return when I am in the neighbourhood.\n\nPS: Thanks Amy L for the invitation
5	wow this place is amazing for brunch, french style cuisine, free parking on side streets even on weekends! bonus! i didn't know there were coupons and deals at this place as I was reading the reviews but I would still pay full price to come here, gotta try dinner someday. good vibe here, good neighbourhood, good food! no line-ups for brunch either
2	I wanted to go to Table 17 since I moved down to Leslieville and was excited to finally find an opportunity to go. My party of 2 got there around 9 pm and waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Unfortunately that's how the night continued. The decor is nice but very loud, with a large table in the middle of the main dining room for the servers to cut bread which we didn't receive until about 20 minutes after we were seated. We ordered drinks and decided none of the entrees looked appealing enough to pay about $28 bucks plus for, so we shared appetizers. We waited about 15 minutes for our drink. When we finally received our food at about 9:45 it was nothing special. To top it all off even i got the bill and they charged me for an entree I didn't even order. There are too many options in the area to go back for a mediore experince.
4	My girlfriend took me here for my birthday what a surprise! I had their fresh oysters which were incredible tasted like they were fresh out of the ocean. What I loved the most here was their own homemade olive oil, simply the best olive oil I have tried I can just sit there the whole day having their freshly baked baguettes dipping in their basalmic vinegar and olive oil. \n\nGlad my girlfriend showed me this little place book a reservation today you wont regret it!
5	I had the most wonderful experience at Table 17 recently. I took advantage of the Telus Taste of Tuesday promotion in which you get a free appetizer and dessert with the purchase of an entr\u00e9e. To top it off, parking was free at this part of town after 6 pm on weekdays. \n\nMy boyfriend had the potato and bacon soup. I had two delicious spoonfuls of the soup. I enjoyed chewing on the bits of bacon, which added a delectable smokiness to the creamy soup. \n\nI ordered the appetizer special of the day - chicken liver parfait. I absolutely loved this! The liver spread was delightfully creamy and I loved that intense flavour of the liver, complemented by a dab of tangy Dijon mustard.\n\nSteak Frites - 8oz thick cut top sirloin, served with lemon mayo - was executed to perfection. The steak was juicy, flavourful and amazingly tender. I really enjoyed the meat, but what stood out the most for me was the lemon mayo, which was, in one word, addictive. I wanted to eat it all right off a spoon. \n\nI had the striped bass, served over sweet onion pur\u00e9e and tartar garnish, with beer battered sweet dumpling squash and hen of the woods mushroom. I enjoyed all the components on the plate, and everything worked well together. The fish was perfectly cooked and the skin was nice and crispy. I wiped my whole plate clean and wanted more. \n\nFor dessert, our first choice was the maple panna cotta, topped with candied bacon strips. The bacon's saltiness really brought out the sweetness of the panna cotta and also provided a great crunch. The panna cotta, which came out resembling a block of tofu, was creamy and satisfying.\n\nOur other dessert choice was the honey and pistachio tart with cr\u00e8me anglaise. I loved that there was a generous amount of nuts in every bite. I wished the pistachio could be a little more toasted and crunchier, but the tart was, nevertheless, delicious. \n\nIt was a delicious meal and a great experience altogether. I can't wait to go back.
5	After trying to find a table at various downtown restaurants downtown and frowned upon for expecting to \"walk-in\" on a Saturday night we happened to find parking (another surprise for a Saturday night) right in front of Table 17 as if it was meant to be. We walked in expecting to be turned away, especially since it was quarter past 10pm,  and were graciously seated at a pretty table by the window. The atmosphere was perfect - mellow but happy crowd lingering over dessert, attentive hostesses dressed casual and candlelight in a rustic contemporary decor.\n\nThe menu isn't extensive but offers a good variety to please any dietary preferences. We ordered the soft shell crab to start and it was set on top of a green chutney which elevated the taste of the crab and was just delicious. I had the lemon caper pasta which was really good and my DH ordered the lamb which was falling-off-the-bone goodness on a plate. We finished with the toffee cake dessert and it is high on my list of favorite desserts. It was decadent, luscious and big enough to share (but who wants to!).\n\nA great evening and I am glad we didn't get a table anywhere else - Table 17 rocks!
5	My partner and I went to Table 17 for dinner while on a visit to Toronto, we both felt that this was a very good restaurant based on both food and service.\n\nOur hotel was in the financial center, so we wanted to explore a different part of Toronto, and the server at another restaurant said good things about Table 17. The atmosphere there is rather romantic, with candlelight and a somewhat dark setting. It's not a very large restaurant, but the small space doesn't make it too loud.\n\nThe menu we had was prix fixe with an appetizer, entr\u00e9e, and dessert. Since there were two of us, we were able to try a good portion of the menu, and we were rather impressed with what we got. My pork belly entree was very tasty and light.  My partner had the steak frites for entr\u00e9e, and I while normally tend to stay away from steaks at a non-steakhouse (because you never know what you're going to get), this steak was tender, charred, and very well-executed.\n\nThe service was definitely a bright spot here. Our waitresses very friendly and indulged all are crazy questions and requests.\n\nOverall, I would definitely recommend Table 17 for either a group dinner or romantic dinner. There's one table right by the window that was open when we arrived, and we asked to sit there but the hostess said that people reserve some tables by number because they're good. If you care, that one is ...Table 23. ;)
5	Smashed burgers done properly in the heart of Weston village. Very happy that we have a spot like this now in the area. All the right elements that make a great diner style smashed burger ( freshly ground steak on site, no fillers, execellent layer of crust on the patty, can't forgot to mention house cut fries ) . I opted for the signature z- burger ( double cheese burger with lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion strings,z-sauce)with an order of Greek fries( Caramelized feta,evoo, and what I think was tzatiki sauce, awesome) , my partner went for the sorry eh burger( bacon cheese burger, fried egg, tomato, onion string and z-sauce) with a classic poutine done right.  Definitely worth trying this place .
5	The burgers here are the best burgers I have ever had, to top it off the service is even better. I was in the car waiting and the cook brought us the food when he didn't have to. Overall I will be coming here again!
4	Great fresh burgers seared on a flat-top, and excellent fresh-cut fries and poutines, served up by an owner who cares.\n\nFreshly-ground daily, a 4oz. scoop of AAA beef is dropped on the flat top then smashed flat and seared until it's nicely crusted, then served on a sesame seed bun. \n\nThe beef is juicy and flavourful, but not dripping with grease, like some places. Mark the owner tells me that he purposely set out to make decadent angus burgers, trying to keep it healthy, without sacrificing flavour.\n\nTheir poutine is huge, featuring thinner fresh cut potatoes, double-fried and topped with legit fresh white cheese curds and delicious beefy gravy.  \n\n*Don't forget to check-in to take advantage of the 15% discount special.\n\nIn a city where gourmet burger places are popping up every day, this is one of the good ones. Definitely check it out and help keep this place alive, we need to keep joints like this around and successful.
5	Finally checked out this place yesterday after hearing great reviews about it... and it did not disappoint! My husband had the Z burger, I had the Heat burger and we shared the chef's poutine. Everything was amazing!!! Patty was very fresh and cooked to perfection and the toppings just topped it all off! The owner and his father were both so fantastic and went out of their way to ensure we were enjoying everything! The place is very clean and lots of room for seating. The mama in me also noticed a high chair which is very convenient for families with babies/toddlers :) Definitely check this place out! Nice to see some good spots being put in Weston... will definitely be back soon!!!
5	Excellent and friendly service and even better burgers! Tried the Z-burger and it well surpassed my expectations. Highly recommend Zeal Burger.
5	Really good burger and fries. Always fresh, you can tsste the quality of the ingredients. Reasonably priced for what you get. Will be a regular customer.
5	Love this place! Got their Signature burger, The Z Burger but the mini one! Their Z sauce is like a Big Mac sauce but way better!! I wish I lived right next to this place. Can't wait to try the Dunamis burger next!
5	Had a Z burger with a fried egg and guac, one of the best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of devouring. The smell of those burgers on the flat top would make a vegetarian reconsider their dietary choices. I'm ecstatic that they opened a legit burger joint in the Weston and Lawrence area. I love the area, grew up there, so any new business, especially one of Zeal Burger's quality, is a welcome addition to the 'hood. Thumbs way up guys keep it up! You deserve every star. Believe the hype.
5	Just had the zburger and poutine, if you want want a real filling homemade touch than this is the place. I definitely have a new hamburger stop, maybe I can can get a job there just to eat the food!!? \nCheers!
5	This was an amazing experience. The server/cook is such a friendly and caring host. He consistently makes sure that his customers are enjoying the food. He also makes sure the food is nice a presentable and treats every order and burger with perfection. I've tried The Heat and it's a pretty solid burger. It's a nice mix of ingredients. The fries were also pretty good. The area is spacious, clean and well maintained. \n\nI've never met someone who is so dedicated to perfection when it comes to serving food. I will most definitely be returning.
5	The dude here is the nicest guy. Knew everything about the food and made us feel welcome. Burgers were amazing and worth the extra money. Skip Harvey's for this.
5	Tastiest burger I've ever had! I highly recommend this place, you won't be disappointed:)
5	Honestly the best burger joint I've ever been too, hands down! I came here a couple months ago for the first time. I ordered the Sorry Eh burger and told them I prefer no egg and they were more then glad to leave it out. The feta poutine was amazing as was the Nutella milkshake! Very friendly owner and the other guy was as well! Keep up the good work and wish you all the best in the future!
5	This is by far one of the best burgers in the city.  I live in the area and been meaning to try these guys for a while now.  Finally went into grab their Zeal burger with bacon and cheese.  OMG!!!! This burger was juicy with tons of flavour and cooked to perfection.  That was yesterday and I went back in for another one today -had to it was too good.  Might even go back tomorrow for another!!!\nVery clean place and great service!! Highly recommend to any burger lover.  \nPS\nAte it too fast to take any pics to post.
5	I read all the reviews and decided to give this place a try. Absolutely the best hamburger I've had in a long long time. Love the fries and the feta, the beef is grilled with a nice crust. Very friendly guy behind the counter, he walked us through the menu and made some recommendations. I am so happy that this place is so close to home.
5	Just had my first ever Zeal burger - I never did a review before but I felt like I had too here!  From the second I walked in with my guests, we were greeted with a great friendly smile!!!  The burgers were cooked in front of us and looked soooooo good!!!!  The fries are cooked to perfection and the burger is definitely memorable!!!!  100% recommendation!!!!!
5	This had to be one of the best burgers I've eaten in a long time! Everything was fresh and very tasty. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. I would definitely recommend this place to people.
5	Burger patty is ground from AAA meat and made daily you can tell from the taste that it is fresh. Fries are not greasy. Burger was done right not overly seasoned or drowning in toppings. I can tell the cook/owner loves what he's doing as you can see and taste it in the food. Customer service was top notch, place is very clean. I live in Markham and will drive to this place again probably next weekend!!
5	Wonderful service with a smile. The owner does everything himself (two thumbs up). One of the best best burgers in the city for sure. I wish they were open later though, just a thought.
5	Excellent - so happy I discovered Zeal Burgers.  Much better than 5 guys or other places (and much more inexpensive - everything is included in combo!).  Meat is superb, bun is the freshest and fries are homemade, non-greasy.   The eating area is also extremely clean and cheerful. I don't live in the area, happened to discover it when I was visiting a friend but will certainly be travelling here all the time - certainly worth it.
5	Fantastic burger! Definitely on par with five guys and I would say it's even better. The z burger had delicious onion straws and all the ingredients were fresh. The texture of the patties were unlike any place I've ever been to, a must try!\n\nAlso worth a mention, the fries are very tasty (not greasy like most places). I didn't get a chance to try the Z poutine but it sounds like perfection.
4	So I was randomly in the area, I had some time to kill waiting for someone so Zeal  Burgers was in area,  claiming they were great gourment burger and after having the Z Burger I cant say I disagree\n\nThe Z burger was a double cheese burger, two fresh grilled 4 oz patties, topped with their onion \"stringer\" Which is their take on mix between fried onion and onion rings, so it still is deep fried but not as large as onion rings, which is tasty add with their z sauce it was an amazing burger
5	Ordered the \"Sorry, Eh\" burger with fries and it was a really solid burger. It was cooked perfectly with a nice fried eggs and their signature Z sauce is a much improved version of the Big Mac sauce. Their fries were a little bit bland, but still acceptable. Although a bit pricy ($10-15 usd) I would highly recommend this place.
5	Loved these burgers!  Fresh ingredients, flavours mesh perfectly for a mouthwatering experience.  My kids loved the fries and their cheeseburger. My husband devoured the spicy burger even though he \"wasn't hungry\" and I loved my feta.  We will go back often.  The owner is a great guy, made us feel really welcome as we had just moved to the city.
5	Good food, good people, good prices. About 14$ for double patty and a couple extras and fries \n\nThe parking is a bit tricky if you don't wanna pay since the location is located on a main street
5	My go to place to study!  They play great music at a volume where you can still hear yourself think.  It's almost never crowded, and the people that come there generally are reading or studying.  They have an amazing tea collection, with equally good food and even grilled cheese sandwiches (with the option to add tomato :) )  One of the walls has some cute benches that are padded, making it a perfect place to wrap your hands around your warm cup of tea and read a book.  I agree with Rachel C, I wish they had high tea, that would make it perfect!  The only drawback is that it's small, and there aren't a lot of places to sit.  If you are the mood to try a variety of tea, or just need a place to study/relax this is it!
4	This place is ridiculously cute, colorful, and cozy, with a huge selection of loose leaf teas.  They offer teas by the pot only, except for iced teas (during warm months) which come by the cup.  They range from $3 to $4 per pot depending on how fancy the tea is.\n\nThe staff here has been friendly every time I've been.  They are always keen on offering suggestions if you ask!  Last time, I was struggling between going for a fruity tea vs. a chocolatey tea, and the girl working suggested this chocolate peppermint tea blend that was not on the menu but that she had made for herself the other day.  I tried it, and it was AMAZING!\n\nMy experiences with the food here (from at least a year ago) have been great as well.  They have their own pastries as well as a selection from a nearby bakery.  Savory offerings include grilled cheeses, soups, and sometimes specials.\n\nOne small gripe I have is that their teapots tend to, for whatever reason or another, leak some tea leaves and residue when you pour into your cup.  I suspect it's because the filter is not super fine and so small bits from the tea mixture can fall through.  It's never been a major problem, though.\n\nYou can always find fun, seasonal specialty drinks here too (e.g. hot apple cider in the fall), in addition to coffee, if tea isn't your thing.  Newspapers and reading materials are usually available to pick up, and there are board games in the back.  This is a great place for a rainy (or cold) day!
4	You can purchase from a huge variety of loose leaf teas. It's one of the few places I know that really pays attention to brew times and water temperature. The smoothies are fresh and taste very natural. If you order in, they'll give you your drink in a cup that looks smaller than if you order to-go. They have nice metal counters with lots of plug in places for your laptop. The benches aren't terribly comfortable, but the couches are. Plus, the people behind the counter are great!
4	I dropped by Te Cafe a week ago with CM to check out their offerings. As a tea lover, having passed it many times on Murray, I'd long been curious about it. My friends who live nearby never wanted to go, however, since they prefer Dobra Tea across the street. Last week, CM wanted to get a hot beverage in the area, and he was game for checking it out, so I was able to do so.\n\nWhen we went to order, the menu had loose leaf teas listed by type (columns) and by grade (rows), which determined their price.  While you can buy them by the cup, if you're with other people or you're planning on hanging out for awhile, it usually makes more sense to get a pot, since each pot provides 2-3 infusions, and hot water is free.  We decided on a pot of the milk (?) oolong ($4.50), recommended by the barista, which was on the lighter side and was quite pleasant.  Once we'd had a pot and refilled it with hot water for a second infusion, we also got a pesto grilled cheese sandwich with tomato as a snack ($4.75), which was crisp and super-flavorful (thanks for the recommendation, fellow Yelpers!), and complemented the tea well.\n\nMy favorite part of Te Cafe, however, was the board games that can be found on the back shelf and front table.  Unfortunately, not all of them are complete, as CM and I found out when we picked up the Ultimate Scenario Game (?), but those that are make for a fun time!  We ended up playing dominoes--which I'd never played with as a game before (just setting them up in rows and knocking them down ;-) ). Since the first two games went quickly, with each of us winning one, we played best out of three. The last game went on to the point I thought we were going to run out of dominoes, but I eventually won.  Yay!\n\nWhile I understand my friends' preference for Dobra, given that they have a more extensive menu of tea and snacks and a more unique Asian tea house-like atmosphere, I enjoyed Te Cafe for a change of pace. I'd definitely return for another visit in the future to sample more interesting teas--and to play another round of dominoes!
4	Came on a weekday afternoon to study and it was a good environment to do so. I got salmon sushi for a great price, and the pots of tea with free refills are a great deal too. The employees are friendly and attentive. This place seemed like a nice casual place to spend a few hours studying, and I'd definitely recommend it to others.
5	Amazing people \nLoveeee the owners. Best sushi in town best service and nothing beats their prices \nGood for bubble tea lovers
5	This place hasn't changed a bit. Still awesome tea, great service and friendly faces. Although, the owners have changed, Te Cafe remains the same. \n\nSo good to be back and sipping on my favorite iced lavender lemonade.
4	Mulled Apple Cider Tea. Deliciousness in a hot steaming cup.\n\nLots of space to lounge in. Friendly service.
5	First visit here the other evening and it turned out to be the perfect place to sit and relax after a long busy day at work.  I didn't even look over  the tea selections because this caf\u00e9 had me the minute I saw the featured drink listed on their outdoor sidewalk sign.  I thoroughly enjoyed sipping  my  hot cider tea drink on  the cozy corner seat near the window while reading and watching the world pass by.  Truly a good place to unwind and be refreshed.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE.\n\nIt's like a coffee shop (/it is a coffee shop ha), but also has sushi. Good vibe and fairly quiet, which I always appreciate. There were about 5 other people working in here when my friend and I stopped in for lunch - and it's sad that this is rare - but everyone respected the fact that everyone else was working and stayed reasonably quiet.\n\nThe sushi rolls were good and priced well for sushi. They were a good size too, which meant I ate just the right amount of food for lunch by ordering one roll with a seaweed salad.\n\nThe best part for me was by far the service. Very friendly throughout my whole experience. As my friend and I were leaving, the people behind the counter even asked us if needed anything else. We said we were all good and they sent us off with a \"have a good day\" and a smile.
5	This place doesn't even need anymore 5 star reviews. But it's just so damn good that I had to.\n\nThe employees and owner(s?) are soo nice and recommended some pretty good teas! They also have a convenient water boiler where you can refill your own pot. \n\nTheir sushi is spot on. Honestly, better than some sushi places around the area.  The ambience is really nice, although wish their tables were a tad bit bigger. Still, a great place to study!
4	Te Cafe has an extensive selection of teas including dozens of green and black teas as well as a few other variations; you can also order coffee, hot chocolate, and pastries. In terms of ambiance, it is one of the coziest establishments that I have been in making it an ideal place to read, study, or complete some work. It's also a nice venue to meet up with a friend for a pot of tea and some quiet conversation. There are also some board games (including Chess, Backgammon, and Dominoes among several others)
5	I came here with a friend and her young child for my first visit.  What a nice and friendly place!  The staff was super sweet and helpful and suggested some different teas for my friend.  I ended up getting a white tea which was nice.  \n\nThe cafe has both tables and comfortable side seating (long comfy bench).  I believe they also have a couple of comfy chairs.  In addition to the internet, they have made this a cozy place with games that customers can play with - both for adults and children!  My friend's child ahd the time of his life.  \n\nI'll definitely be going back!
5	Went here with my girlfriend and really enjoyed this place. Great atmosphere. I'm not that into tea, but I had a couple cups from the pot my gf ordered and enjoyed it. We ordered 2 biscotti, a medium coffee and a pot of tea (which comes with a free refill) and it cost just over $7. The Barista was really nice and helpful.
4	This is a cute little shop that you might miss if you're not paying attention. The person behind the counter was very helpful and the tea I ended up getting was very delicius. The atmosphere is nice and relaxing, it's worth stopping in.
5	Good tea, comfy chairs.  I hear the food is also good, but have not tried it.  Nice quiet place to relax.
5	With wireless internet and a relaxing ambience, this was a place I was looking for during my two years in grad school.  Coffeehouses in Pittsburgh often were too loud and rickety uncomfortable chairs.\n\nThe owners are often attentive and bring a certain unique warmth to the place.  Sure, a large part of the cafe is devoted to them.\n\nI loved coming here for an after-dinner conversation with a friend or for studying.  Normally I would order a pot of darjeeling or a green tea.  Great selection of teas.  Very attentive service.  They give you a timer to help you remember how long to steep the tea.  The cups are all selected for the particular type of tea being served.\n\nWhen I was in the area, the cafe closed on Saturdays (being in Squirrel Hill), but I hear the hours may have changed.  Also, the owners seemed to have hired some of the younger crowd in the last few months which changed the pace somewhat.\n\nStill, when I visit Pittsburgh, I will return to this place.
4	I'm writing from Te Cafe right now.  I love this place and always made an effort to come here when I was visiting Pittsburgh from other locales.  It's sad that I don't come out here more often, now that I live here again...\n\nAnyway, they have a fantastic beverage selection (not just tea), high-quality loose-leaf teas you can buy by the ounce, comfortable enough seating, free wifi, and friendly staff.  The music's a toss-up; right now, it's some pretty good oldish rock, but apparently there is \"wispy Lillith fair crap,\" sometimes?  On the bright side, if you show up on a bad day, it is definitely quiet enough to allow you to just listen to your own on headphones.  And the clientele is pretty varied, which I also rather like.
5	Stopped by Te when I was in Pittsburgh and loved it.  Quaint little place in Squirrel Hill with a fantastic selection of loose teas.  The staff knows their teas and is friendly/helpful.  And the atmosphere is comfortable and neighborly.\n\nIf you're new to tea, this is a great place to get started and learn more.  And if you're a tea veteran, you'll be happy with the variety.  Cream Earl Grey is delicious, as well as peppermint rose.
5	Te Cafe is going to be one of my favorite places in Squirrel Hill.  I feel it.\n\nSo here is the quick summary:\n-  Loose leaf teas served by the cup or pot at reasonable prices!  Cups of tea were around $2, and I got a pot of peaches and cream tea for $4.01 with tax.  The Cream Earl Grey is amazing as well!  There is also free hot water so you can keep going!\n\n- If you are not a hot tea drinker, there is also iced tea, lemonade, and hot chocolate!\n\n-They sell grilled cheese sandwiches with pesto for $4.50 ish.  I don't remember the exact price, but I remember that the pesto grilled cheese was amazing.\n\n-This place gets packed with wifi hogs.  You've been warned.\n\nI really like the vibe of this place.  It's a good place to catch up with a friend or study, and I like that it's on the quiet side of things.  They usually are out of most of the teas on the menu, but there are still at least 50 types.  I will definitely be returning here soon!
4	Not as fancy as Dobra Tea across the street but it's a comfortable place to meet people work, study, read comma or relax. They have a great selection of Teas and coffee the staff is personable and if asked will give her a recommendation without a lecture about tea.
5	Love how they serve their tea if you get a pot of tea. It's also a great study spot, especially since you can get sushi for lunch here. I usually get the spicy tuna roll, and it's a pretty large portion size. There are plenty of plugs and the wifi is usually pretty good too.
5	Huge fan of Te!  Always a great experience every time I come.  The atmosphere is cozy, nice friendly staff who all know what they are talking about.  Not sure what to order? they will for sure help you out!  I'm a fan of Dragon Pearl Jasmine...yum!  Great place to read a book, do some work, or just hang out with friends.  \n\nThey have awesome fruit smoothies, made with REAL fruit!  I've gotten them for breakfast a few times, also NYC famous H&H bagels, you cant go wrong grabbing something on the go here.\n\nI get some tea to take home from time to time, there are tons to pick from its hard to choose!\n\nTheir daily teas are always changing and are a great way to try something you may not think you would have chosen yourself.\n\nAll in all I think Te is great, I don't how they do it but they do it well.
5	Certainly up there as one of my favorite spots in town to study.  The overall ambiance is very conducive to being productive: comfortable chairs, good lighting, a great selection of music at the appropriate volume, and of course the warm tasty beverages that are an absolute steal.  This place has the most robust hot chocolate lineup I have ever seen, with the Mexican chocolate being my favorite.  Free wi-fi, with no necessary password, makes things all the more convenient.  I also love how this place caters to those who want to study/read.  Sure light conversation does occur, but I hope it stays that way such not to detract from the great study vibe this place engenders.
1	I came in for the first time, sat down to setup my computer, and within 2 minutes had a server telling me that if I do not order anything I will have to leave. I'm not sure if I was being judged by the way I looked (wearing sweatpants and ratty t-shirt), or if this is standard practice. I was planning on staying and purchasing a drink, but found this treatment extremely rude and uncomfortable. Do not plan on returning.
5	Amazing place to read or just relax, lots of loose leaf teas to choose from. Some of their lower priced teas aren't thrilling (especially the greens) but you get what you pay for. \n\nThe only problem I see arising is, if you buy a pot which is the best deal, you get a neat tray that comes with a timer, a cup for drinking, and a cup to hold the used leaves. If you're drinking on your own or with a single friend, that's fine and dandy- but it's near impossible to have a proper meeting with three or more people without forcing everyone to use inefficient mugs instead. I might be mistaken but they really should have party tray type tea sets. \n\nStill, 5 stars for sure. Excellent service, eclectic music (classical one day, indie the next), good ambiance, good price, decent hours (I wish they would open a bit earlier, but they close so late that it makes up for it), and some really amazing teas mixed in. Free wifi makes it even better.
2	Great selection of teas. sushi are fresh, but I don't like the sushi rice they used, much sticky than I thought for sushi rice
5	I'm a graduate student here in Pittsburgh, and this is one of two main places I go when I want to get work done. The tea selection is excellent, and the staff was excellent - everyone knows the teas very well.
4	I only wish they offered sugar. However, good atmosphere. If you wanted to have a decent conversation with a friend of interest, this place is currently ideal. The Chai is amazing.
5	A neighborhood gem.  Don't come here looking for lattes or other fancy coffee drinks, though - it's a TEA shop.  The sushi is pretty good by Pittsburgh standards (no offense, Pittsburgh, but sushi ain't your strong suit).  It's bright and sunny, which is a huge plus, but that means it can get a little warm; layer appropriately.
5	Oh what wonderful, delicious, unique drinks they have! I'm a tea person and I was extremely impressed by their selections (with prices better than Teavana, mind you). It's small but beautiful (think Ikea beautiful). And damn good people work there. :)
5	I love Te Cafe. I buy loose leaf tea here and also like to come in and occasionally drink a pot with a friend or my fiance. The atmosphere is great. I love it here.
5	I have trouble ordering tea when I'm out because it's such a simple thing to make. I know there are a lot of nuances to the preparation, like everything else, that can give you a plethora of subtle variation that you wouldn't get if it was made incorrectly. However, I still can't stand paying for it.\n\nHowever, Te Cafe has a great selection of gourmet teas that make the stop worth it. It's the kind of stuff that, unless you were a tea connoisseur, you would never be tasting. Their menu is full of teas all with names that vary from mundane, to Japanese, to just plain odd. I've been to the Te Cafe a few times but last night I ordered the \"Kokeicha\". It's a kind of smokey green tea that you steep for 3 minutes. I tried to order a tea by the name of \"gunpowder\" but they were sadly out of it. The man behind the counter informed me that the \"Kokeicha\" was very similar.\n\nThe tea was great and, honestly, even when something's not your cup of tea you have a fun experience. It's something you usually don't get to try on your own. Who would honestly buy 23 dollars worth of loose leaf tea that they've never tried? I'll leave it to the Te Cafe to let me sample them a pot at a time.\n\nEvery time I enter the cafe the staff are friendly, accommodating, and most of all informative. They know their way around tea so someone who is completely ignorant, as I am, can get a little guidance. It's a fun place to relax and enjoy a beverage you usually wouldn't; how often do you drink gunpowder at home?
5	This is my favorite cafe in Pittsburgh.  The ambiance is nice, somewhat modern and chill, but still comfortable.  There are board games available for playing, but most people seem to either be there with one or two other people to chat, or on their laptops making use of the wi-fi. The staff is very knowledgeable about different kinds of tea, and if you need help picking something, will ask you questions to figure something out - green or oolong?  floral or fruity? - and then bring out several teas for you to smell before choosing one.  My favorite so far is the silk oolong, which is a smooth and slightly creamy oolong tea.  I also really like the tea cups they use for Chinese teas.
5	Te Cafe is one of my favorite spots in Sq. Hill! In the winter, the windows are usually nice and foggy, providing the coziest feel when you're settling in with a hot cup of tea. They also have a nice selection of pastries and sushi, so you can snack or have a tasty meal while you're there to compliment your drink. Their chai tea latte is deeeeelicious as well, highly recommended! Great prices, great service, great food & drink :)
5	Really delicious tea and a good atmosphere. Everyone who works here are nice and helpful. I never feel rushed when I work on my computer. The owners are also great, and bring a nice sense of community to Squirrel Hill when you walk in. \n\nI tried the Sushi here for the first time, and was surprised that they made it on site. You get a lot for $8-$9, and it tastes yummy. Would recommend. \n\nThe mulled tea is my favorite though. I'll miss it in the summer.
4	Good selection of tea, plentiful seating, nice atmosphere. I had an iced hibiscus tea that was pretty great. I will definitely be returning.\n\nAlso, they have outdoor seating (though it's on the Murray Ave sidewalk and a little noisy) and a clean bathroom.
5	The best hidden gem sushi in pittsburgh! Great tea selection also.. highly recommend for delicious inexpensive delivery sushi
5	Perhaps one of the best tea/cafe experiences in Pittsburgh. Hands down, this place is off the charts. The ambiance, employees, and tea are the best in Pittsburgh. Their selection of tea is impressively large. The cafe is also a great place to study.
5	I can't think of a better to way to spend a lazy sunday afternoon than a pot of oolong, a copy of the sunday times, and just sitting back and relaxing at the Te Cafe.
4	I've come here twice and have to say their tea selection is fantastic. There are so many different kinds of teas and I appreciate the variety they offer in terms of food + ambiance + teas. \n\nI would give this place 5 stars but I am not a fan of their bubble tea. They microwaved the boba (they pre-make it and then put it in the fridge) and the flavor didn't even taste like tea. It was $4 and I don't feel like it was worth it. I was hoping it would be better since they do specialize in tea but I do realize that doesn't necessarily mean their bubble tea would be good since in my opinion that is a whole different category.\n\nI would come back strictly for their hot teas but definitely not the bubble tea.
4	Every tea and tea-related concoction I have had here has been great. The atmosphere is bright and warm. They must have taken the other poster's music complaint into account, because I have heard a wide variety of great stuff every time I have been in there.\n\nThe staff is always super-friendly (without being annoying) and the clientele is usually a good mix of studying students/laptop users and people actually having conversations.\n\nIn short, good tea, good tea-related creations, good service, good music, good place to study or have a chat.
4	Even if you're not in the mood for something from Te Cafe's diverse tea selection, there are plenty of other drinks that satisfy: tea lattes, lemonades (both plain and with unusual flavors like ginger, lemonade and hibiscus), hot chocolates and more.  The pleasant staff is knowledgeable about its teas and can offer great recommendations.  The loose leaf tea is also sold, and some of the more unusual tea blends can make neat gifts for people.\n\nThe atmosphere is calm enough that I can concentrate if I bring work to do.  It's also really helpful that in terms of food, Te Cafe offers more than sweets--while I loved baked goods, sometimes I need something more than sugar to fuel my noggin.  Grilled cheese sandwiches and vegetable soup are recent additions to the cafe's menu.  While the soup is clearly from the can, it and the grilled cheese are nourishing.  I definitely appreciate not having to pack up all my study materials and leave in search of a decent meal.  \n\nI really like the feeling of community that Te Cafe fosters with an area for posters and fliers for upcoming local events and work by local artists on the walls.  The cafe also hosts occasional poetry readings, but unfortunately I've never been able to attend one.
4	This is my favorite place to go in Squirrel Hill. There's so many different drink and tea options, I have to keep going back to try everything! The atmosphere is really nice and chill too- perfect for reading, sketching, studying, etc. I only wish there were more pastry/dessert options, other than just tarts and biscotti. It may actually be a good thing (for my wallet) though... haha.
5	They have outlets almost everywhere and the seats are extremely comfortable. I had a Kyoto Cherry Rose tea that was absolutely incredible. The staff really knows their tea, the presentation is wonderful, and the atmosphere is beyond pleasant. They also have a few board and card games. Go for work or a game night with friends!
4	This place is super cute! I went here with my bestie (visiting from CBus) and she said it reminded her of Zen Cha, which I can see. You can order pots of tea, sushi, other drinks and real meals! We got a pot of their Apricot black tea to share. It had enough for about 2 refills and the set it came with was adorable! Taste was rich and fruity and made me want to go back for another flavor!\n\nMy friend got their sashimi bowl and it looked awesome! It made a nice, light lunch for her and the price wasn't outrageous. I see that they have crepes too so will definitely have to drag the hubs here to order all new stuff! \nThey also have some games in the back but I was happy just chatting with my friend in the laid back atmosphere. \n\nSome other reviewers mentioned this but the smell of this place really wasn't appetizing--must be due to the combo of fish + tea? The owners were nice enough but they don't start selling their savory dishes until after a certain time which was not listed on the menus. So don't come here too early on the weekends!
4	Delicious green tea latte and tea mulled apple cider. Cozy atmosphere, generally quiet, would recommend for reading or studying and enjoying good tea.
4	Nice basement/attic feeling where it feels like it's probably what your house feels like
5	I can't believe all this time I did not write a review for T\u00e9 Cafe. Since I came to Pittsburgh 4 years ago, this place has been my favorite location for some serious work. Hmmm, maybe I didn't write the review because subconsciously I wanted to keep this little gem all to myself. \n\nThey have an extended selection of teas though I usually just go for the easy option: the tea of the day. I've gotten their yerba mate every once in a while and I like that they tell you to properly time it at 5 minutes. Nowadays they make smoothies too though I personally haven't tried them (it's nice and quiet without the constant blender buzz). For snacks you can go with the grilled cheese sandwiches or some of the regular coffe shop sweets. Sometimes I complain about the lack of options in the snack department but I have to admit it seems wise to keep the food choices simple, after all you have more than 50 teas to chose from.\n\nIf you're looking for a mellow place to work (with comfy chairs) and few people mostly working at their computers or reading their ipads this is the place for you. \n\nSide warning:  I love the comfy chair and I'll give you mean stares if you happen to occupy it :)
5	I love this place, it's become my go-to take out sushi place. The owners are very friendly people, the atmosphere is charming and quiet, the tea is very delicious and varied, and the sushi is excellent at a cheap price. I come here at least once a week now.
5	I love buying a pot of tea and studying here. It's always quiet, there's a ton of outlets, and you can always get free refills of hot water. It has a great, relaxing environment. Their lavender lemonade is great as is their plum berry white tea. I wish they had more room. The one thing they can definitely improve upon is their bathroom. The toilet is almost always broken and it never seems too clean.
5	Not a tea drinker myself, but I stumble in here about three or four times a year to buy tea for my mom for various gifts. Every time I've been in, the staff's  been great with suggestions, samples, patience, etc. Went in again yesterday, and again...totally great. For being a clueless meathead, I was treated with no condescension, just the barista's enthusiasm for tea.  \n\nOne of the good businesses in Squirrel Hill I'm happy to support.
5	I recently  moved away from Pittsburgh, but this is one of the spots I miss the most. I spent many hours here working on my thesis, but also many hours here just hanging out with friends or reading a book. The people who work there are very friendly and very patient. When I first started stopping in, I knew very little about tea, and they always took the time to explain different properties of each type of tea and were able to make thoughtful suggestions for things they thought I should try based on my current mood and goals for the day.\n\nOne of the best parts of this place is the insane selection they have. I felt like there was always something new to try. I loved the hot cider in the winter.\n\nThe space was almost always neat and clean, including the bathroom. I enjoyed the little flowers they kept on the tables, and the music selection was what you would hope for in a cozy little tea shop. The atmosphere is inviting, and only rarely would it be too crowded to find a place to sit. The wi-fi was much more reliable than other places in the area.\n\nI love this place! If I ever make it back to Pittsburgh, I'm going to make it a point to stop in. Keep up the great work!
5	This is my favorite cafe in Pittsburgh. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, I prefer drinking tea or smoothies if I'm sitting at a cafe and Te Cafe is perfect for that. It's a very chilled out place, got big windows and all kinds of seating. It's not the fanciest cafe around, which is actually nice, because it has a very comfortable vibe to it. They have free and unlimited wifi. The ambience is great for doing your own thing, but I've also played board games there.\n\nThey have all kinds of teas there. They have specials every day in each variety, and they give you a pot of it, which is around 2-3 cups. You can also order a pot of any loose leaf tea on the menu. Or, you can buy loose leaf tea as well. My all-time favorite is the Panetonne. It's a black tea with vanilla and orange, and just the right amount of it too. I also really like their Green Tea smoothie, they make it with Maccha powder. They make grilled cheese sandwiches and have some biscottis and muffins.\n\nGreat place, check it out!
5	That's my second time here, and I'm so happy that i've discovered that place! Very comfortable and relaxing atmoshere, delicious teas and huge variet varieties them! Friendly, always kind and heping stuff! That's one if my favorite places now!!!!
4	Aw, I love it. It looks like a really great study area. I would come here to study. Also they give you a pot of tea with free hot water refills. That would be perfect for studying. Also, the guy working there was really helpful with suggestions. And the place inside is just super chill.
4	Can't vouch for the sushi as I only stopped by for a lunch time snack.  Tried the sandwich of the day which was a grilled cheese pannini and I have the iced chai latte.  Both were tasty and reasonably priced.  Staff was friendly and place was clean and comfortable.  If I was living in this area I could see myself coming in here on a pretty regular basis.
5	With a calm, peaceful atmosphere, a very friendly and knowledgeable staff, and a wide selection of great quality products, I would definitely recommend this place.  Both the iced chai tea latte and the sparkling tea were excellent, and I'm sure that their other stuff is great too.\nI'm definitely going to have to make a point of coming back.
2	I wouldn't have guessed that a tea cafe would sell sushi but my friend recommended to try this place. Ordered the Twin City Roll which had tuna, salmon, avocado, and cucumbers. There was more sushi than rice so the ratio was good. The sushi looked good and I thought the price was reasonable. But when I was eating it, the sushi didn't seem fresh. There was a strong fish smell and the aftertaste left a slimy feeling on my tongue. The interior of the cafe also had a weird smell... I don't know how to describe it exactly. I don't think sushi and tea smells go well together? I don't know if I would recommend coming here for sushi. Maybe their tea is better as it is a tea cafe.
4	This is my 9 year olds review.     Hamburgers are great and the cheese curds are awesome.   There is a Great Lake View
2	So I know Christy's is a Madison tradition with those lovely views of Lake Waubesa. But this place is a one-track pony... location, location, location. This is a family-owned bar/restaurant and the owners know they have a captive audience. The beer is cold and the food is average, but the service is atrocious. On a recent beautiful Saturday afternoon, there were only two servers for the outside seating area.  There's no host, so we (4 adults and 1 kid) sat at a picnic table and proceeded to wait at least 10 minutes to no avail. We eventually went inside to order drinks and lunch. At no time during our visit did a server ever approach our table. I'd certainly be inclined to write off this awful experience to a bad day or poor staffing, but unfortunately this is more the rule rather than exception. One really weird thing is the Friday Fish Fry that features a special menu available ONLY inside, this isn't communicated very well;  so you'll grab a table outside, wait to order only to learn you can only order from the pizza/sandwich menu.
5	Great scenery. Solid food. Great energy! A must in the summer!!
2	This place has such potential but the service SUCKS! And I wrote that in capital letters on purpose. You literally have to stare a waitress down and even if you make eye contact you're lucky if they will stop at your table. Come on! We boat on the lake and wish there were better options than this. I guess it's Waypoint every time! As a side note: I'm writing this on a Sunday afternoon as I've been sitting at an outside table for over 15 minutes without one of the three servers currently working even acknowledging us! I really wanted the Shrimp Christy's. (Because it's fantastic!) Oh well. There probably won't be a next time either!
1	Unless you're a local yokel McFarland douchebag, you won't get any measure of service here.  After waiting more than 15 minutes for a server outside, I went inside to inquire of outdoor food service.  Of course, since I am not one of the regular inebriated bar flies, getting the attention of a bartender is nearly impossible.  I guess I'm just not loud enough, drunk enough, or both.  And once I did get his ear, the next local loudmouth douche bag stumbles up to the bar and interupts me to order his next round of Captain and Cokes (classy).  So we left and will never be back...unless of course we lose all sense of decency and purpose and relocate to McFarland.
4	Great volleyball courts! The sand is soft but at night, some of the lights will shine right in your face and obstruct your view while you're playing.\n\nThere is a hose and area to rinse off afterwards, by the dock facing the beautiful, glistening Lake Waubesa.\n\nA cherry bomb will run you $7 and a Vodka 7 will run you about $5 or so.\n\nBe careful when you order the pizza, you start with either a 12\" ($8.99) or 16\" ($10.99) cheese and each topping is $1.50! My friends and I weren't aware of that and got a little carried away when we got our tab for all the drinks, pizza and wings was just under $100!\n\nOn Monday nights they have a AYCE taco bar with ground beed and chicken, as well as assorted toppings. The pico de gallo was very fresh, the shredded romaine was crisp, and the salsa had a nice bite to it. Every time you were ready for more, just ask the nice bartender to give you more shells (corn hard shell or soft flour tortillas).
5	Great food, great environment, low key, full bar plus a tiki bar in the summer! Best nachos I've ever had in my life. Seriously. Overall just a chill, consistently great place that in the summer is the place to be if you like the sun lake and boating. Been looking for a place like this
5	Good food, drinks, and views.  Great place to come by boat in the summer!
2	Enjoyed a beautiful day on the patio last Sunday listening to the Blue Olives (they're great!) and sipping beer. Ordered the nacho's and was fully disappointed-a somewhat small pile of flavorless corn tortillas and minimal cheese, chicken, peppers, and a clump of black olives. It appeared to have been placed briefly under a hot broiler as the top was charred and any buried shredded cheese was unmelted. The result was a very dry dish that required multiple cups of salsa to provide flavor and moisture.\n\nNote: This review was written during the summer of 2014 but I just found it in my Drafts-- sorry for the delay!
2	Love going here during the summer.  Nice bar outside and great people and boat watching.  Went here for dinner last week and it was just Meh.  Food was bland an uninspired.  What the waitress offered as the special was not what was delivered.  After we asked, she still didn't know what was included with the dinner.  Walleye sandwich was just OK.  Service was on the slow side too; one server for the entire 2 floors.  The lady tried hard, so she earned a good tip.  The kitchen and management could do a lot better.  Probably will not go here again for dinner.  Too bad because we do like the place overall.
1	I have been to Christy's quite a few times over the years and have never had a very good meal; however, last night's meal was a disaster! It started with the bartender getting our drink order wrong, One member of our party received a different potato than ordered, 1 had a different salad dressing than ordered and I had the worst fish fry EVER. It could have been good if the breading wasn't soggy on one piece and excessively crispy with holes in it (looked exactly like a funnel cake!). The baked potato tasted dry and leftover. The one high point was a waitress (first night on the job) that was very friendly and actually cared about our poor experience. Christy's is back on my list of places to avoid.
4	I'm very surprised to read all the negative reviews. We were made to feel very welcome as soon as we sat at the bar by Tim the bartender. He was unfailingly polite and friendly, as were the people who sat near us. It made me wish we had more time to hang out and soak up the lovely waterfront location. \n\nStarving, we ordered a pizza and both enjoyed enjoyed the hell out of it. The toppings tasted very fresh and the crust had a slight flakiness to it. The only drawbacks I can think of are the plastic cups the beer is served in and that I'd love it if another taphandle were devoted to something a bit more local to Madison, like Ale Asylum, Karben4, or even Tyranena (from Lake Mills).\n\nAs we left Tim thanked us for stopping in and asked us to come back the next time we were nearby. I 100% plan to do so.
1	Worst service ever. we arrived at 7 pm on a Friday night. Since it's on the lake, were not surprised there was a wait, but didn't really seem to be enoughpeople waiting for 1-1/2 hour wait.  We sat on the deck with a couple of drinks, and enjoyed that. At the 1-1/2 hour mark, went in to see how much longer and were shocked to see the mostly empty dining area in the bar. Maybe the upstairs dining was busy? Nope- one table of 4 waiting to be served, and 2 large tables of people who had finished eating and were doing their party speeches. We think they just forgot us.\nBrief wait for the waitress.10 minutes later got our salads for 2 of us, soup for 2  (husband wanted cole slaw, but they were out). Soup was good. Salad was very small, with a huge carrot 'coin' and cucumber slice. italian dressing was blah, bleu cheese dressing had no bleu cheese chunks.\n30 minutes later, caught the attention of our oblivious waitress to check on the status of our order, and her comment was \"didn't they tell you it would be an hour wait?\" Wouldn't that be the waitress' job? After another 20minutes, and the 1 hour mark, i went to find a manager. Bartender blew me off, so I went to find the host,who apologized, said it was coming out now, and said they \"were just catching up\". From what? The bar area dining was almost empty, and we were still one of two 4 person tables up in the big dining area.\n5 minutes later, with no waitress, no food, we left. We will not be back. Maybe the food is good, can't comment on that, but the aggravation is not worth it.
2	I've been here a few times. The cheese curds and fries are nice. Onion rings ok.  Wings my kids love but I think they are too smothered in sauce. Each time I've been here It was by boat so we've sat out side. I would have rated it a 3 or 4 except each and every table has an ash tray which is gross and they allow smoking in the entire area. My kids 6 and 11  were with us and one has asthma so we had to move to get out of the smoke. Very inconsiderate allowing smoking, only 3 out of maybe 40 people were smoking so maybe inconvenience 3 people and not everyone else. Going forward Ill probably just get takeout.
1	We tried the fish fry a few weeks ago after hearing great reviews from friends. We weren't disappointed. Everything was wonderful. Tonight we went back and our experience was the opposite. The lobster bisque was cold ( Apparently, they forgot to turn the burner on and we were the first to mention it. We were there at 8:00pm.). The fish was okay and the waffle fries were cold. My husband asked why we didn't get any bread. He was told that they ran out. We found that interesting since people who were seated after we were had bread. Not sure we need to go back.
1	Just got back from this restaurant for the third time. It is close to where we live and like the convenience of going there. This was the last time though. When we arrived we where told we needed to wait 5 to 10 mins for a seat. After 15 mins we where seated in a room with 10 open tables (not sure why we needed to wait).  About another 15 mins went by and 2 other tables where seated and served drinks and still no one waited on us.  No one ever did so we left. \n\nThe other times that we have been the food is only mediocre for bar food at best.
1	This place is good only for the outdoor atmosphere. Their online menu does not correspond to their actual menu, buy they don't seem to see this as a problem. I requested my favorite beer: \"Oh, we're out of that.\" Then, my second favorite: \"We're out of that too.\" As a vegetarian, I had to order a black bean burger, which was burned, as was the bun. I asked for a dark or spicy mustard. No, they just have the mainstream basics. Combine this with extremely mediocre service. I will never eat there again.
5	A great neighborhood hangout with good food and great beer.  This is THE place to be on a summer night, and usually something fun happening on the ice in the winter.  The place is loaded with character(s) and is a true Wisconsin tavern on the lake.
4	A really good sandwich place. It's location is a little unusual but very convenient to the surrounding airport hotels. The turkey, avocado bot was great.
5	The food was definitely solid but what stood out the most for me was the friendly staff and the iced coffee they whipped up. Wish I had got their largest size. Highly recommended!
4	Great place to grab lunch. The location is a little hidden. It's in an office building. There is shaded outside seating. The food was fresh and my sandwich tasted great. My only complaint was that the potato salad had too much dill in it.
5	What a find, right behind the Radisson, fresh cheap and delicious.  Friendly staff. Give it a try.
5	I work in a office building right around the corner from them.  The place is small, but once you find it, you'll keep coming back.  Honest to God, the food is addictive.  My faves are the Italian Hoagie (reminds me of home back East) and the Chipotle Chicken sandwich.  And I also enjoy their flavored iced tea to go along with it.\n\nStaff is friendly too which makes the experience even better!\n\nI'm a fan!
4	Only open for lunch spot, a nice little sandwich shop hidden behind the Radisson. I had the Grilled Fiesta Chicken Wrap and really enjoyed it. Pretty large sandwiches from what I can tell and looking forward to trying other options, as well. Being from out of town, you can tell it has its regulars and people really like this lunch place.
5	After arriving at PHX airport we searched for a nearby lunch option and this was well reviewed.  It was a little difficult to find.  It's hidden in a larger building with very little signage.  Also the parking lot has signs about hotel guests only etc.. so that was a little unnerving.  They were closing soon when we came in, but we ordered a BLT and a southwest chicken panini.  Both were ready quickly and were very good.
5	Happy to have found this place! Great food, decent prices, friendly staff. This makes me a more-than-once-a-week patron! And they will even accomodate an off-menu request as long as they have the ingredients. Thanks, Fred!
5	I absolutely love this place! In fact, probably my favorite sandwich spot. A hidden gem. I eat here atlas once a week. I have yet to have one bad thing.  My favorite sandwiches are the Queen of Clubs ( like the King of clubs, but with only a double decker not a triple decker) and the tuna melt. The cobb and garden of eden salad are my favorites. Their sandwiches and salads are pretty big, so go with an appetite. Its a mom and pop sandwich shop, which I love. Try it out! You will not be disappointed!
4	Tucked in behind the Radisson at the corner of an office park, this is a great alternative to the food in the local hotels.\n\nI had the Cobb salad. Despite the generic iceberg lettuce it was enhanced with fresh spinach, avocado and egg and everything else was fresh. Good dressing and generous portions.\n\nAs others have said come before noon or after 1 o'clock if you don't want to wait in line. Three nice tables outside with a little lawn view.
5	an excellent place for lunch, the food is great the service too! always friendly, never pushy, as one guy said, i like the 'tude of the lounge lady...i call it the the lunch lizard and its off the beaten path but you wont go wrong with thier specials or anything on the menu for that matter. the outside seating is nice, i try to eat here regularly...beats any chain sammich shop!
5	i am not a fan of turkey so when i asked the sandwich guy for his recommendation, and he suggested the albuquerque turkey, i was unsure, nevetheless i went on to try it and boy! Was i glad? The sandwich comes with   fresh cole slawish salad, bacon cooked just right crisp and retaining its flavor, generous slice of turkey and to top it off chile mayo which is really what separates  this sandwich from the other diners... .all in all a great sandwich...made to perfection. I want to come here and try other items on the menu... They all look good....hopefully on my next trip to phoenix.
5	Great service in a quick-bite-to-eat, make-your-own-sandwich spot. Most of the business probably wanders from those office buildings. People looked lost and in their own heads as they would methodically make their way. It is a sunny day at 74\u00b0 but it's clear that's it's Friday at the office.\nAnyway back to the food-\nChoices for breads cheese meats veggies\nChips and soda \nPretty standard with more selections available too\n\nSandwich was well prepared and tasted as expected.\n\nNote: Almost gave them four stars because the cashier is a Colts fan but we all make choices and their good service and food shouldn't suffer from his choice to root for the Colts. I joke, I joke. Also, Go Patriots. :)
4	Good food at a small lunch restaurant,  it is a good place to pick up lunch if in the area but it is not a destination lunch spot. More of a business man's quick stop.
5	I have been to the Lunch Lounge many times for lunch and love the chicken salad.  It is the best!  I also love the BLT's.  Today I stopped in for breakfast and had the breakfast panini sandwich and I am once again impressed.  Thank you Lunch Lounge!!!
1	Ordered the Southwest Chipotle Chicken Panini and it was still frozen in the middle.  FROZEN! I couldn't believe it; it took them a long time to have my order ready but still manage to not cook it all the way.  I didn't realize it was frozen until I got back to work to eat it.  By then, I didn't have time to return to have them make me a new one.\n\nThis is an expensive place for just sandwiches only.  My Panini alone was over $8 after tax.  Not a good value because it doesn't even come with a drink or side.  I appreciate and support local businesses whenever possible but after this mishap, I won't be back.
4	I eat here at least once a week all of their sandwiches and salads are always fresh and delicious and every 9 salads or sandwiches you buy you get the 10th on FREE. Goodstuff! Glad it's near my work.
5	Love this place.  Weekly specials are amazing.  Great, fast, and friendly service.  I'd highly recommend to anyone.
5	Today I had the hot pastrami with on the side. The sandwich and the slaw: EXCELLENT!  The staff is great. I'm flying today so I also purchased a pb&j on grain bread for later.   I'm sure it will be awesome too.
5	Excellent little hidden spot. Great menu with fair prices. Had the Breakfast burrito with a cup of coffee. Outstanding burrito! Loads of cheese & stuffings. The menu on yelp is a little outdated but the prices are more than reasonable. Definetly give this place a try.
5	Great sandwich shop near several airport hotels. They also serve salads at lunchtime, and breakfast starting at 7:00 AM. Alas, wasn't in town long enough to sample the breakfast, but lunch was fantastic. Small but very popular at lunch when I was there
5	Had lunch here. Very close to work but only found out about it through yelp. My sandwich was delicious and the staff was super friendly.  I'll definitely be back.
5	For a little sandwich shop in an office park, this place is great. \n\nDelicious, big breakfast burrito.  No problem to substitute avocado for the meat. Hot tasty coffee. friendly staff. Outdoor seating option.\n\nAll for under $6.\n\nSo glad I didn't have the more expensive breakfast in my corporate airport hotel.
4	I stumbled upon the Lunch Lounge while staying at the Aloft last week, and was thrilled that I did. It's kind of hidden from the street behind the Radisson on 44th St, but that didn't stop me from taking the short walk over from the hotel. Cute little place with great service and good eats! They have all kinds of sandwiches and salads, and couldn't decide what I wanted since the menu looked so good. They serve Boar's Head meats, which makes for an awesome sandwich. My friends who were staying with me raved about the food and said they wanted to come here for lunch again tomorrow. Only not so great thing was that they were out of the soup of the day, which we wanted to try, but since we did come about a half hour before they closed I could live with that. Wish we had more deli-type places like this in Milwaukee! Yummmmm!
5	What a find!  While staying at the Aloft in Phoenix for business we found this on a morning walk.   \n\nWe had the breakfast burrito and a breakfast panini.  Both were excellent!  The burrito was so large we agreed that it could have fed us both.\n\nThe lunch menu looked great and I would like to try some of the sandwiches.\n\nWe are here for a few more days and will eat here on Monday.\n\nIf you are staying at a hotel in this area be sure to give it a try for a good quick breakfast or lunch.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Excellent sandwich luncheon spot!  The Albuquerque Turkey Panini is fantastic!  Green chili mayo?  Who knew?  I had to buy some to go!  Fresh vegetables and Boar's head meat. Warning if you order a cold sub sandwich the bread is a bit too much.  It's loaded with goodies but it's too much bread.
4	Great breakfast panini for $5. More affordable than a breakfast or brunch chain for sure. Nothing for breakfast is over $5 which makes this a spot I will recommend and more than likely come back to next trip. Iced coffee is only $1 till 11 and breakfast is served til 11.
5	Amazing lunch.  Fresh Boars Head meats. Fresh bread (marble rye is awesome) and tr staff is great.  One of the best sandwiches in the Phoenix area.  Don't miss this place. You won't be disappointed!
5	Worth finding - a little awkward the first time, but I don't regret having to drive the block an extra time! The Italian sub was loaded with meat - just like back home (Boston) - salad was fresh, bread was fresh, meat was just YUMMY!! Nice surprise - we will all be back. BTW - lunch for 4 + drinks was $30.00 ... Great, clean, fresh and friendly!!
1	Food is good and location is convenient. Service is terrible - even the owner - the older woman acts like its an inconvenience to help people. We have had the opportunity to give her more business but decided against it because of the service. Don't waste your time.
4	Restaurant/Ambiance: Small cafe tucked away in a corporate office park. Has a Modern but relaxed cafe vibe inside. Has about 12 or so tables inside with 3 tables outside. Typical clients are business execs and tradespeople on lunch break. No issue getting a table or parking space. Little difficult to find though.\n\nFood: Great selection of sandwiches. Quality meats and fresh veggies. I like the southwest chicken chipotle sandwich. Also excellent salad menu. They also have a great breakfast menu but I've never been there for breakfast.\n\nService: Fast service, able to move the lunch rush pretty well.\n\nOverall: Great little lunch cafe!
5	SImple to find and great custom made food. Sandwiches, Chips and Drink. No frills but delicious.
5	First time for breakfast. Waiting for someone at sky harbor. Breakfast burrito outstanding. A meal in a tortilla. Very tasty and really inexpensive. I'll be back!!
5	Great little local place with tasty food.  Be diligent in finding it as it isn't obvious from the main street.  Minimal seating for eat-in so plan ahead.  Friendly staff, good prices.
5	If you work in the area and have not been here, GO IMMEDIATELY!  I have worked across the street for 15 years and I am so thrilled to finally have good food in the area.  The Chicken Fiesta Wrap is my favorite (I CRAVE it) and the California Club is really good too (crispy bacon....yummmm). If you can get there before they run out of Tortilla Soup it is outstanding. The food is always consistent and they don't seem to cut corners. Reasonably priced for what you get and what's in the area. Fast service, wifi on site, nice staff...I seriously cannot say anything negative.  Thank you for saving our lunch dilemma in the area!
4	I picked this spot out because of Yelp. I was looking to walk from my hotel (Aloft) and it's just down the street. Pay attentuon to the signs. It's in the back of a building that blends in with the rest.\nI had a Cobb salad and it was fresh and ready in about 3 minutes. Seemed like good friendly sevice. Portion was perfect and prices were reasonable.
5	Awesome find! Stopped in for breakfast on the run and will probably come back for lunch. The guys are super nice... Coffee is amazing!
4	It is hard to locate but just look for a small sign stating there are just hiding in the back! (: The set up is nice with an option to eat indoors/outdoors although I wouldn't recommend bringing large parties. Customer service was good and the food was delicious! I had to go with the BLT which, they did not shy away with the bacon. I wouldn't mind visiting back for lunch again.
2	I feel like this place has gotten worse over time, and it feels as every time I try to go back, they fail to meet the mark somehow. I used to frequent it when my work first moved into this area, about 4 years ago, but I think today was the draw for me. They forgot to include dressing with my $9 salad. Also, without the dressing, the chicken has a strange taste, almost questionable, which makes me wonder how it has tasted in the past...at least I got extra spinach. The initial reason I started going here less often was a noticeable decrease in their salad sizes a few years back, hence I ask for extra spinach. One good thing they have going for themselves is that the veggies they use in their salads always taste fresh, for that reason I gave them two starts instead of one. However, I expect better for the price they ask for their food. Today was my last visit and I will make sure to spread the word at work.
5	Great little lunch spot!  Fresh food.  Something for everybody.  Long line at lunch though.  We had our food within 15/20 minutes from the line at the door.
5	Was in Phoenix for business and discovered this friendly, wonderful  haunt  near the airport.  I had the best lunch ever -  a Southwestern chicken chipotle panini.  OMG!  The guy behind the counter turned out to be the owner, and himself grew up in a family owned East coast deli.  \n\nI had several expensive meals during my trip, but nothing was as tasty as my Lunch Lounge experience!  I made sure I had time for a breakfast stop on my way back to the airport., and was again wowed with a huge breakfast burrito, great latte and a smile - all for less than my daily NYC latte and muffin.  \n\nMy  client has never been to The Lunch Lounge, so next time I am in town, we have a lunch date at the best undiscovered charming cafe in Phoenix!  I can't wait to share the secret!
4	Tasty and fast.  They primarily serve the corporate crowd so keep that in mind if you visit during prime lunch hours.
2	I visited this restaurant because I got a groupon now deal. When I walked In and the older woman standing there took about 5 minutes to acknowledge that I was standing there at the counter waiting to be served..\n\nFinally she said \"whenever your ready..\". I told her hi how are you, giving her a nice reminder that that is how your supposed to greet new customers in your establishment. That on its own turned me off because I hate giving my money away tobusinesses that don't appreciate me.  I don't feel like I am asking for much in exchange for coming back and supporting local businesses. \n\nAs I was standing waiting for my food I overheard the employees (including my o so pleasnt serve lady) complaining about the groupons that kept coming in.. while I was standing there! Rude! \n\nThe older man behind the counter making sandwiches was very nice. He is the only reason I am giving two stars. \n\nThe food on the other hand was decent. Too bad I won't ever becoming back just to be treated like I am bothering them.. next time I will just eat mcdonalds breakfast like I wanted anyways.
5	I stopped in last Friday morning and thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast burrito. The service was fast, and not only was the breakfast burrito reasonably priced, but it was also enormous.
5	Yum! Good food and they deliver on Amazon Restaurants! I will certainly be ordering again. I was particularly happy with the carb free option for breakfast. We had a happy breakfast crowd.
5	Awesome meal.  Very willing to make adjustments and recommendations. Would come back here in a heartbeat.
5	This place is ridiculous! Wasn't expecting much from a deli sandwiched between office buildings, but wow! This place is just across the street from where I work and everyone is blown away by the food. The staff is super friendly and the food is really fresh. The owner took my order a few weeks back and recommended the Stromboli since I always ordered the Roast Beef Press (which is fantastic!). O. M. G... the Stromboli is the best sandwich I've ever had. Inside out sub roll, pesto, ham, pepperoni, salami, cheese, and cherry peppers - toasted on a panini press. Seriously? On my day off from work, I drove 30 minutes back there to take family there for lunch. If they served dinner, I'd have to think about moving closer.
4	Just paid my first visit to this place and I will definitely be back.  I tried the Southwest Chipotle Chicken Panini and my co-worker had the Hot Roast Beef Press.  Both were good choices, but seeing how happy she was with her choice I have to come back to try that one next.  Plenty of off-street parking.  I only wish this place was open on weekends (although given their location I can understand why they are not).  Maybe open a second location near the business park at University and Elwood (hint, hint)?  I'm pretty sure it would be a big hit.
5	The Lunch Lounge is absolutely delicious and fresh! Everyone is always there with a smile on their faces serving up yummy sandwiches, wraps, and salads. I haven't had one thing on the menu that I have not enjoyed. It is the perfect mom n pop shop of a deli!
4	Really good sandwich. I love having my lunch here. I usually buy Veggie Sandwich and I ask them to grill it. Tastes really good and affordable too.
5	Hidden cafe with outside seating.  \n\nDon't let the name fool you...they also serve breakfast. \n\nGreat prices including my 1$ coffee!
5	Needed to find a quick easily accessible place for my kids and myself to eat and this place was in walking distance right behind Radisson hotel where we're staying at. Was able to find something for all of us. Pb&j's for the kids and a hot pastrami for me. Both were delicious and the staff was friendly. Quick, easy and much healthier than the fast food chains. Would of course recommended and return to the lunch lounge. Might actually get me some coffee there tomorrow morning.
4	This place is located in a prime spot for travelers as well as office workers. \nThe menu is a diverse and creative mix on standard lunch box fare. \nWhether it is breakfast or lunch you can't go wrong with trying this place for a simple, but gourmet, breakfast sandwich or a dressed up salad for lunch. \nI only gave them four stars for this type of venue because I felt they were a bit understaffed when I arrived around 10am. Don't hold this against them. It was a bit of a wait for a sandwich but the quality is well worth the wait. The dill on the breakfast sandwich was a nice touch. \nThe outdoor seating was nice on a cool morning.
4	Much better! I frequent the Charlotte area for work. I previously tried the Golden Crust and honestly I was not impressed. I just went  back this past Saturday not for any cooked food but for prepackaged goods. I shared my dissatisfaction with the manager and she shared things have changed for the better.  A new cook has been hired and she offered samples of oxtail which was tender, well-seasoned and delicious. She also shared a hot flaky fried dumpling, YUM! I'm pleased that the management and cook has changed they are now representing Caribbean food well.
4	What I had was good .. jerk chicken combo with rice and cabbage and gravy on top , and a patty .. very tasty, will stop back 3.6 to 4
4	I was SO excited to see Golden Krust outside NY so I had to stop in while in the shopping center.  My curry goat was SO delicious and had all the right flavor and spice.  The flavors reminded me of the great food I used to get when I lived near a Jamaican area in Brooklyn!
2	Prepare to be flexible because a lot of things run out.  The food is ok but I tried it because of the lunch specials. I wanted Mac and cheese they'd ran out. Ok, sucked that up because I prob didn't need it anyway. The vegetables and rice to me was very bland. The staff is not friendly and customer service is poor.  Don't come here with a lot of expectations.
4	I've been going to Golden Krust since the franchise came to Charlotte. Food is always great. The prices are reasonable. Service is just OK. On busy nights like Friday and Saturday they have run out of certain items.  I don't know how authentic the food is but it is on par with other Caribbean spots in town. Over all, I do recommend Gold Krust to get your Caribbean fix.
4	Golden Krust is a bakery first and their specialty is the patty, and other baked goods, they also serve Jamaican staples such as oxtails, fish, jerk chicken, and curry chicken with all the fixins(rice and peas, plantains, and veggies), Ting, and other Jamaican drinks. With that said, if you're looking for patties look no further because they're simply the best ever! Buttery, flaky, fat-laden pastry, filled with chicken, beef or shrimp! Yes, it is a chain and the patties are shipped in but they're baked in house daily and trust me they're addictive! \nNow, the food overall has been fresh and pretty solid, but over the years it has been a tad inconsistent, but everyone has a bad day so I haven't held that against them. I had my very first oxtail here several years ago and I've been ordering them ever since, but I must say my favorite is still the curry chicken. The oxtails and curry chicken are both seasoned just right with plenty of gravy.........it's all about the gravy. I know most people think of jerk chicken when coming to Jamaican restaurants but since I'm not a jerk type of chic, I can offer no insight on that entree:-) Golden Krust has been serving up solid Jamaican food in Charlotte for years and though there are other decent Caribbean spots in the city, I continue to return to the Krust.......
4	No frills, just good Caribbean curry to go. Goat curry lunch special is under $8.00 with tax. And they have other specials daily while they last. This is a franchise so like all franchises there are certain guarantees in terms of food style and quality and ingredients, but there's also a sense of family here which doesn't exist in all offbeat chain restaurants.
2	Golden Krust is decent Caribbean for fairly cheap prices.  If you don't have high expectations for service or want to be \"wowed\" with food, you won't be too disappointed.\n\nOn both occasions, I've had the dinner combo ($8-$10).  The food itself is pretty good.  I had the Jerk Chicken and the Curry Goat, both of which were not too spicy. The plates are served with generous helpings of rice and red beans and another side, usually steamed cabbage or collards.  The meat portions was kinda slim.  But the service?  A total take-a-number-and-wait-for-me-to-move attitude pervades this place.  The line was long and the staff were slow to move.  Geez!\n\nMy buddy and I sat in the back dining hall, which they closed off with a wet floor sign as they were closing in an hour.  RUDE!  I had to walk around it to get a drink refill.  If you want cheap Caribbean food for takeout, this might be a OK place.  I'm sure that there is a Caribbean joint with more personable service and exceptional food.
5	I am so glad that they got one of these stores here in Charlotte North Carolina I have been trying to find it I found you found Golden Krust Bakery you must eat their the best you're making pulled ever wish they had more big location that is just a little too far for me to get but I get there when I can try it you will love it Golden Krust the best ever
5	If I could give this place 6 stars or more, I DEFINITELY WOULD! I always recommend this place to everyone. Outside of the place doesn't due justice to what deliciousness is served inside!
1	Food is just okay.. Their portion sizes for the amount you are paying is terrible.. You get more Styrofoam than food and I don't like paying $10 FOR Styrofoam. They need to give you a better value. If you are going to cut portions on the meats at least put a good portion of rice so you feel like you got something..  The ones in NEWYork are much better. imho
4	Pretty good Caribbean Food, Nice location, and decent service. They use to be a lot better years ago. It's a little overpriced for the portions you get, but overall it's ok and I'll probably return
2	Bland food. I don't even know how you can make jerk chicken bland but they managed. The customer service is mediocre. I just recommend going elsewhere.
2	I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and always received pretty decent service. The food is always tasty and never really found that service was an issue until my last visit.\nI had a Jamaican visitor and she want hard dough bread to go with our dinner. Now I could have gone a couple of different places but I chose the Bakery. I love this bread but I typically only eat it when in NY, Jamaica or Florida because I need my hard dough to be as fresh as possible. \nWhile the seemingly nice woman was ringing me up I politely asked \"how old is the bread?\" Now I know this is called a bakery but everyone knows their baked goods are shipped in. She responds by saying \"the bread is fresh.\" I say your idea of fresh and mine maybe 2 different things. She became a maniac but in a calm way. She asks: do you want the bread or not? At the time I really just needed to get the bread and leave, dinner was waiting. But not before I explained that as a consumer and patron of this store I have a right to know how old something is in a darn bakery that doesn't bake anything.  \nAfter the fact, i was very upset because I could have gone somewhere else, and for her think that it was OK to respond in that manner bothered me. Why was she so combative in the first place? In the end, she told me their shipments come every Tuesday. So this would be the best day to visit if you need baked goods. I myself, will never spend another nickel there.
1	This place is NOT Caribbean food! It's terrible. You must ask for a drink separate from the combo even though you've ordered a combo. They're not going to offer it to you either. The food tastes horrible. I wish I could sit outside and turn people around to save their souls. But unfortunately this is all I can do. Take heed and go elsewhere!!!!!
1	The jerk sauce tastes like bbq sauce from a bottle mixed with ketchup! I should've known to keep walking when I didn't see any customers. Never again.
4	Golden Krust really does live up to the name. I ordered Jerk Chicken with a shrimp Jamaican patty. The Jamaican patty had such a crispy, well put together crust. It was probably the best Jamaican patty I've ever had. If you're in the Charlotte area & you like Caribbean food, it's definitely a spot to look into.
4	The food here is really good, if you are in the mood for Jamaican food this restaurant is great. The sell cakes and patties which are very good. They get a four star because their portions could be better for the price.
2	Was given three prices for The ox tail combination additionally they did not have any fountain drinks or ice had to pay an extra dollar for a canna Coke in addition to the meal that should have included a drink, according to the menu
5	Delicious food!!! I have been coming to this Caribbean Restaurant since moving to Charlotte 6 years ago. I must admit there was a decline in the food quality about a year ago due to a change in chefs. I did stop coming during that time. I stopped in about a week ago to give it another try. I spoke to the owner and the pleasant staff and found out they have a new chef which they gave rave reviews. I was pleasantly surprised that the were indeed correct. I food was scrumptious  just as I remembered!! Keep up the good work!! I'll be back and I'm putting the word out.
4	FOOD IS GREAT.  The service is average.  The prices are cheap so you tend to get idiots in there who have no manners.  I recommend, taking the food to go or sitting in the back.
2	This food was not my favorite I spent about $12 and barely ate any of it. I went on my lunch and was driving and eating very disappointed. I may try this place one more time in hopes of better flavor.
4	Tis De Place Mon!  First Off me Being from one of the best cities in the world. NYC i know good west indian food and this hit the nail on the head! Great to the point service, with hardy plates not for the quickly filled stomachs here! Try the cuury goat! and the beef patties!! and a DG Soda!   best in carribean food in charlotte, nc! This is truly the mirror image of true carribeen food! anything else is just a watered down xerox copy.  then even have the spice bread and pastries!  Best for lunch $5-6, and dinner $8-10.
2	Ive been going here for yrs ...as a NYer I'm familiar with the chain. The foods good but I'm never going back. They've lost me and numerous family members. I wonder if they changed management or something because their portion sizing are horrendous! Theyve scaled back so much and still charge the same thing! I'm not paying for Styrofoam! Then if you ask for more rice you get told \"no!\"  What kind of service is that?! I got a whole lot of gravy though! Ugh theyre rude too! Now the food Id rate a 4...maybe 3.5. But the service and portions a 1. Shame I stopped getting plates and stuck to beef patties but then they stopped serving cheese beef and never bothered to have them again or remove it from the menu. Ill be going to the other Caribbean restaurant up the street from now on.
4	Love this place for spicy patties! The patties are worthy of 6 stars, the only reason I gave the 4 stars is because every time I visit the music is blaring and the air conditioning seems to be turned off or not working. They have a dining area, but I can't imagine eating here. And be prepared for a wait, if you have been to the Islands then you know the slower pace you have to get used to. \n\nI have tried several of their curry dishes, the goat was my favorite. And if you're looking for a cold bottle of Ting or a piece of rock cake, this is your place. Did I mention the spicy patties? Wow, they are delicious. Growing up in Miami, we had a favorite place to go for patties. Here in Charlotte, this is our favorite place. I usually pick up 6, and I'm sure they would hold up fine for a couple of days in the fridge. They never last that long.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would !!! I loved the food and the service was VERY FAST ! I loved everything and the small plate filled me up I couldn't even finish. The prices are GREAT and it's seasoned so amazing! I felt like I was on the islands. I would go back and take everyone in my family if I could I will definitely be returning my next trip to North Carolina. I loved it !
5	Loved, Loved, Loved. It is a simple place, but you dont come to this place for the decor. You come for the damn good food. \n\nPlease note* I am just a customer. There is no dicount for posting nor any compensation for this rating.
5	Is a small restaurant food is good! Also the owners are very friendly they make sure u are satisfied!
5	Best Mexican restaurant in Vegas. Meat is super soft and very tasty. Fried fish is delicious. Salsa is so yummy! Very friendly service.
5	I  would've like to take a before picture when it looked all nice and pretty, but it was so delicious I just couldn't wait. I had the chicken chimichanga and my friend had of the chicken burrito supreme. I will never visit Robertos, Pepe's tacos, etc. again. #obsessed
4	We had originally planned on eating at the Sinaloa food truck across the street, but they had a really long line, so we decided to give Mi Pueblo Taco Shop a try. Walking inside I was greeted by a sweet young girl who also took my order and she was nice about going over the menu and what the specials included. Inside was clean and decorated nicer than I expected. There was also a good amount of customers eating inside which I took as a good sign. \n\nI noticed they had different daily specials on the windows out front and they are totally worth checking out. I was here on a Friday and the special that day is 2 enchiladas, beans, rice and a drink all for $5.95 before tax. Great deal! The rice was lacking a bit on flavor and while the beans could have used more cheese, they did taste good and I liked the few tortilla chips on top of them. The enchiladas had a decent amount of cheese inside and the sauce tasted good. I'd for sure come back for this special again.\n\nAl Pastor Taco ($1.75) - The tacos come meat, onion and cilantro. There's a salsa bar with veggies and containers. I grabbed some of the red and green sauce and favored the green. My taco was filled nicely and had great flavor. \n\nCarne Asada Burrito ($5.99) - Here's where things got odd for me. Hubby and I intended to share this and he always prefers just meat, cheese and sour cream in his burritos. The girl who took our order said he couldn't have it that way and that the burrito had to have beans and rice inside. If the burritos aren't pre-made this shouldn't be a hard request at all. I saw a different girl putting meat on the grill and then put the burrito together, so I can't figure out why the burrito couldn't be customized to have the rice and beans left off. The burrito was a nice size for the price and did taste good, but it would have been better enjoyable if it could have been made the way preferred. \n\nGreat weekly deals and decent Mexican food. I'd come back.
5	One of the few times I have given a business five stars. This restaurant has very good food everything on the menu is fresh and very very tasty. I've been to this restaurant probably 10 to 15 times and have never had a bad meal. Is the owner and staff of this restaurant are very nice and courteous and provide a good service and excellent food. I highly recommend this place for anything Mexican on their menu you will not be disappointed.
4	Las Vegas does not have a lot of good Mexican food unfortunately. So, when we do find one, it's always pretty exciting. This place was good. Reminded me a little of Texas, in terms of quality. \nEnchilada was very tasty, great sauce. Rice and beans were both delicious. Chile Relleno needed a tiny bit more flavor, but had plenty of cheese. Great little salsa bar. Had a bite of gf's Huevos Rancheros and we agreed that they were pretty awesome. We'll be back soon.
5	Trying to curb my taco cravings, checked yelp for a taco spot not too far from the house, when I came across the review for Mi Pueblo Taco Shop and they have a perfect 5star rating. I haven't got my food yet, but the smell coming out the kitchen is amazing. It's a Friday night in Vegas, at a hole in the wall taco shop. The single file line is out the door.....Now that's a recipe for GREAT Mexican food
5	My daughter and I stopped in yesterday and truly enjoyed our meal. So much so we added an order to go. Just might have to give up my usual taco spot!!!! Food was great. My only critic no chips and salsa before the meal and only gives you a couple chips stuck in the great beans!!! Also might look into making up paper menus. Nothing to take home to read. The service impeccable. Will be back for sure.
5	The carnitas sop\u00e9s are the best! Carne Asada tacos are in second place... \nI eat there at least twice a week, and it's fantastic every time!
5	Talk about authentic Mexican food!! there i was in search of a new place to eat close to work. I was craving authentic tacos, as i reminisced on my favorite taco shop in san francisco.\n      First stop was Cardenas. It was closer to me but the lines were ridiculous and the environment chaotic. Needless to say, i left in search of greener pastures. Second stop, the las vegas chain Rigos tacos. The place gave me a creepy vibe plus their soda machine was not working. I'm all for hole in the wall places but this place was too much. \n    As I drove aimlessly i came across this place, Mi pueblo Taco shop. Boy was I pleasantly surprised!! my  long search of a mom & pop taco shop proved fruitful. The lady at the counter and the cook turned out to be husband and wife, and the owners. They were both extremely friendly  and the food was delicious!! they had weird pricing quirks but hopefully they figure it out. overall, 5 stars and will definitely come back again.
5	I stop by here on my way to ed fountain park when my son has soccer games.  I usually get tacos and tamales for the team and they love them more than pepes.\nDefinitely a go to place for great Mexican food...cant wait to try other items.
4	Very clean and friendly service. I had the Carne asada torta and my friend had tacos overall fairly good.  For a quick bite not bad.
5	I was surprised it was this good it was like a home cooked meal... I purchased one posole, 3 carne asada tacos, 5 fried fish tacos, a combination of carnitas, 1 chicken nugget plate, 2 orchatas and my total was $51 not bad at all.
2	TLDR: Lunch Specials; salsa bar available; excellent service; subpar food; convenience charge for card payment\n\nI was really craving excellent chips and salsa so I usually have a go-to spot for Mexican fare. Learning that they were closed, I found something in the area with excellent reviews and was happy to find this location with a Yelp check-in.  I skimmed the reviews and saw several 4/5 star reviews with a couple of 2 star reviews so I decided to give this place a shot. \n\nService was excellent and I was impressed with the politeness and grammar used in both English and Spanish upon walking in and ordering. It reflected that the business cares about the customer and how they are perceived when spoken to by the various clientele. \n\nI immediately placed an order for the chips and beans and was happy to see breakfast items on a menu. My foodie friend ordered a pastor burrito and I ordered chilaquiles with green sauce. Unfortunately, this is where I should've listened to the 2-star reviews. \n\nWhile I believe that the food is made fresh in-house, the quality lacks and pales in comparison to the service. The beans lacked flavor, excluding the cotija cheese and the chips were stale. This is probably a storage issue. The salsa were flavorful, but lacked spice. Interestingly enough, the green salsa was the spiciest. \n\nMy friends pastor burrito was just ok. Not fantastic, not terrible. Just ok. It probably is similar to Roberto's, my terrible baseline for Mexican food flavor and service. My chilaquiles were tragic. The rice was pretty bad and the green sauce was pretty boring. It's sad to say that Del Taco has better rice, beans, and green sauce. Needless to say, I didn't enjoy the dish and I won't return anytime soon.
5	Their food is delicious!!! I got Huevos Rancheros and my bf got menudo. He loved it! The lady at the register was friendly and super nice! The coffee is really good too!!
5	Great tacos de carne asada.  I really liked the salsa.  I added rice and bean and I am glad I did.  Delicious and very affordable.
5	Wonderful divey taco shop with awesome Mexican food. Highly recommend the tacos dorados, cheese enchiladas and chips with the salsa bar. The flavors are amazing! They must do most of their business as take out since it is so small, but the eating area is clean and nice. Don't be swayed by the strip mall. Definitely worth a stop.
5	I walked in my scrubs and the owner asked me how I found out about his place.  I told him Yelp and that I was in the area for a school assignment and lived across town.  He never heard of Yelp and didnt know that his place has a 5 star rating.  He was wearing an SD cap and I found out he lived in San Diego.  If you ever had authentic San Diego Mexican food you know this place is legit, because it reminded me of that.  I found this to be a unique experience with genuinely nice restaurant owners not catering to Yelp reviewers.  Hopefully that won't change after my random stop there.\n\nI had a carnitas burrito, cachete taco and carne asada taco, and a horchata (no not Smart Chata).  Overall the carne asada was the most flavorful with a nice charred taste.  The cachete was tasty.  My carnitas burrito was good too, similar to the SD burritos I miss.  Tortilla, meat, rice, beans, and since I'm originally from San Francisco I added some sour cream with guacamole.  The salsa was also fresh and tasty.
5	THE MOST AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD IN TOWN. \nDo not sleep on this spot, if you are ever in Vegas definitely stop by... I cant think of my favorite dish because you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu; The menudo The cocteles, The enchiladas. Mm everything is bomb! and always great customer service and very clean nice little shop. Love it.
5	Great place if you want some traditional fresh Mexican food ! The over ceviche which is one of my favorite dishes, to to be honest it's one of the best ones I had !
5	They have tamarindo! My girlfriend and I have been looking for weeks and finally found our new go to spot!  Thanks!
5	Craving for authentic Mexican Food and feeling adventurous and out of your comfort zone. Gotta try this humble and family operated place. Everything I had was simply delicious and would go out of my way to venture in this neighborhood for Tacos and Mexican food\n\nThe cashier/server was very friendly and asked if it was my first time here. She answered my questions and made me feel welcomed. I originally was going to order Tacos only but the enchilada combo grab my attention and got the combo with a single order of Carne Asada Taco on the side because I had to get a taco too. \n\nWhen the order finally arrived at my table. I got the three different salsas that was available at the salsa bar. From the first bite of my taco and enchiladas 1-beef & 2-chicken combination along with the fresh salsas. Every bite was amazingly flavorful and authentic. The whole experience was great and felt like I was taking a short vacation in Mexico!
5	Man this place is bomb dot com - \nLet me tell you when it comes to Mexican good I'm picky  there's so many spots here in vegas so when something really catches your taste buds then you know lol
5	We were in Vegas for a few days and after eating at a number of the expensive resort offerings we found this little diamond in the rough. This place ROCKS! Totally authentic mexican food. The tacos and flautas are legit and hit the spot dead on. We are mexican and we know our cuisine and you can't go wrong eating here. Just stop reading this review and try it. Like now.  Go!
5	Yes its definitely a five star hidden gem. A great pit stop on the way to Moab. Everything was fresh right down to the rice. A nice older couple seem to run the restaurant. The prices are fair, it's probably not not in the best part of N. Vegas but worth trying out, we'll be back.
2	I ordered carne asada, fish, & chicken tacos. Tacos are really small & over cooked. Was really disappointed, expected a lot based on the reviews I read. You're better off going to a taco truck. I really hate how over priced tacos are now. Wouldn't mind paying $2-3, but at least give me what I'm paying for.
5	MI Pueblo is the BEST TACO SHOP IN VEGAS.\nThe owners are so sweet and kind. Their food is absolutely delicious. I have had every single meal available here, and I NEVER once had anything that was bland or stale. They Cook everything fresh, despite what others think. Even though I'm guessing those people have never seen the cooks in action. This place is 1 IN A MILLION! I've been going since they've opened in 2008. I have never regretted going there. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE AND THE OWNERS! It's such a shame when people check in on here to get free food and THEN POST NEGATIVE REVIEWS ABOUT THE FOOD THAT THEY ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY FOR LOL. \nYOU WONT FIND MANY CLOSE TO HOME, DOWN TO EARTH AND DELICIOUS PLACES LIKE THIS.
5	I haven't eaten yet but if it tastes half as good as it smells I'll be happy. The staff was super friendly thumbs up!!
5	By far the best burrito and salsa I have ever had. This place is way across town from where I live but i go there just to get my burritos, yes if I'm gonna go across town I better get two burritos to go.
5	Legit food!! I had the chilaquiles with red sauce comes with eggs,  beans and the best rice I've had in a long time.. Definitely recommend this spot. They know how it's done
4	Came here while visiting my friend in Vegas.  We wanted tacos and I'm picky about Mexican food.  This place totally hit the mark.  Not only was it delicious, the lady taking orders was super sweet and a really good salesperson.  I was debating on getting carne asada fries because i had already had fast food that day.  Here's how the convo went:\n\nHer: do you eat them [carne asada fries] every day?  \nMe: well, no...\nHer: then they're not so bad then\nMe: good point\n\nSalsa bar was on point and the spicy carrots and onions were crispy and super hot.  Yum.
4	Once again. The good was hot and fresh tasty, the customer  service  is friendly  and personal. This what to expect from a family owned restaurant.   The burritos  are very nice sized /over sized for your $$ the torta  is good also,  all the food is good sized portions
5	This place is special. All their food is made with the care you would expect at a family gathering. The hospitality is incredible. This is NOT your typical Mexican turn-and-burn kind of place. Every dish I've ordered thus far has been absolutely fantastic...Well assembled and delicious. Personally, I love the \"caldo de pollo\" (chicken soup). I could eat it every day! This establishment is a definite winner in my book!!
5	Best fish tacos! I also like the Carne Asada fries. The first time I had a chicken chile verde burrito.  But once I tried the fish tacos, I was hooked! The other burritos are good, too. My husband loves the pickled/peppered veggies. He gets a bagful and eats them while we wait. Family owned and operated. Friendly, cheerful staff.
5	The food is very tasty, generous portions.  Had the combo with cheese enchilada, Carne Asada taco and chili rellenol with rice and beans.  Hubs had the Carne Asada plate .
5	I really enjoyed it here. The cheese enchiladas and carnitas taco were really good. The staff is very friendly, always nice to see positive happy people. I will be back for sure! give this place a try, you will enjoy it.
4	I really liked the 'mom and pop' feel of this little Mexican restaurant, and the quality of the food was really good. Solid four stars. The complimentary chips and beans I got for my Yelp check-in were excellent. I upgraded to a larger size beans in order to share. You can tell these beans are the real thing.... slow cooked with love for the flavor and not smashed too much. Yum.\nMy husband has the carne asada burrito, it was huge, their version came with rice and beans inside the burrito, a little different than other taco shops I have been to.\nI had the combination plate, Chicken Enchilada, Chiles Relleno, and Chicken Taco. This plate came with rice and beans. Everything was excellent, but the star of the show was the taco!\nMy next visit I will definitely try some of the other tacos on the menu. The salsas in the salsa bar were amazing, I put it on everything!\n\nSo here is the bad news about this place........ the neighborhood! This shopping center and parking lot is scary! There are so many people loitering in front of the next door liquor store. I am glad I was with my husband, I really would not have felt safe coming here without him and coming here after dark.......
5	This place is great! The food is amazing. Had a plate of chilaquiles and my wife had the machaca. The portions were generous and tasty. I highly recommend this place if you you in the area and want great Authentic Mexican Food!
5	Outstanding. Visiting Las Vegas and happened upon this place. Having been raised in San Antonio, I feel like I know great Mexican food. And we found it here. The food is very authentic because they know how to build the meal with a great foundation. The chips and homemade tortillas are to die for. We all had various tacos, chicken and asada. Their burritos are huge!  The best part of the meal was the carnitas nachos. Don't miss out on them. When I'm back in vegas again, a meal here will be on my itinerary.
5	Dont sleep on this spot! Consistently great, authentic mexican food. We've tried many other places but continue to return here!
5	Seemed questionable from the outside especially only the outside thou when u walk in the atmosphere changes the cashier / sever name is Sarah she was really helpful I been here twice now I've tried the cabesa tacos, the lague  tacos, fish tacos, the shrimp cocktail  and the carnitas torta with fries all of it was outstanding I am surprised on how good it was they have a large variety of menu options which in sure there all good the cabesa was tender and juicy the torrilla they use was thin and delicious tasted home made fish taco was fresh it was fried still good thou love how fresh the tomatoes where , shrimp was perfect and Devined  correctly had a good amount of avacodo too which I loved , the carnitas were tasteful and not overcooked lettuce was fresh and crunchy over all I would say they put a lot of love in there food which makes it super good new spot for my Mexican food cravings I highly recommend this place
5	Amazing, fresh and inexpensive! First time here and I love it.
5	Was in town on a short layover and was looking for some real deal Mexican! This place was so good! The sopes were amazing!!!!!  Will definitely be back when in the area!
5	Only 1 review?? C'mon! This place has awesome food!! It's rough around the edges but don't let it fool you. Tacos! Burritos! 3 different soups!
5	Mi Pueblo Taco Shop is a family owned treasure in Las Vegas , Nevada.  Owners Juanita and Manuel make homemade Mexican food in small batches and treat E everyone like family.\n\nIt is outstanding.\n\nPaulette Motzko
5	This place is great. I come here almost every day. Today I had a California burrito which was incredible. The fish tacos are always delicious. I really enjoy coming here, the staff is nice and it's always clean.
5	Finally found the BEST Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas!! The food is not only fresh but comes in large quantities! Will come back again and will recommend this place to my family and friends!!
5	Bomb! Fresh ingredients! \nYummy to my tummy! \nI would highly recommend this gem. This meal hit the spot, next time I'll try the enchiladas.....
5	I will say our expectations were guarded when we pulled up, but step inside and receive a warm greeting and look at the menu, you know all will be good, and it was. The burrito was tasty and plentiful, \"sandwich\" with the fried pork, Pastor tortas, absolutely satisfying, simple and perfect. The hot salsas were fun and tasty. Enjoy
5	Small mom and pop joint. Food is really good here and service is great, super friendly and welcoming.
5	Very good I recommend the fish tacos!!! And carne asada tacos! All with red salsa!! Bomb!!!
5	Love the place. Been going for years. The coffee is really good too. I always get the special meal and my wife the dosa. Both are great.
1	I used to love their ala carte menu...now they have all day buffet very bad and stale food.....avoid at any cost....we can't even order ala carte. ....
4	I'm really not sure why this place gets such bad reviews - maybe the quality of the food has gone down over the years, or maybe people are comparing it to some of the more fancy/expensive dosa places in the area. \n\n I thought the Chana Bhatura & the Dosa that I ordered were delicious and I'm a complete sucker for Sambar. For the price and the quick service, I thought it was a great alternative to some of the other choices in the area.
1	I have been to the Scarborough location and had a decent experience. I took my family here (12 people) after calling ahead and being ensured that there would be minimum wait time. When we reached here the line was out of the door but we were told it wouldn't take long. \nAfter 45 mins(!!!) of waiting we finally got a place to sit. We were happily looking forward to some tasty masala dosas. Well that's the first thing your order at a Dosa place right? Well guess what, they ran out of potatoes.... You can have a palak paneer dosa sir, our server said. Well I didn't come here and wait 45 mins to eat a palak paneer dosa. We walked and instead of having a nice time at dinner, we ate greasy Domino's pizza instead.\n Interestingly upon further investigation, I discovered some older reviews with the same experience. I wish I had read them before. At this point I don't want to set foot in at least this location of Saravana Bhavan. I might consider giving the Scarborough location another shot. With so many options around, please do yourself a favor and go to some other South Indian place in Mississauga where they don't run out of potatoes....
4	I am a big Saravana Bhavan fan. Back home in India as well as here. new to Mississauga. food is good. enjoy the buffet specially. Thali with tiny cups and variety dishes is another favourite specially the vata kolambu. I love the cabbage curry too. \nsamabr vada is another favourite. \nI was wondering about the tip money I left for the server. I did not see the server come back for it. but supervisor/manager lady took the money and went inside. I am wondering how much does the server get? I went twice after that day, but did not find the server who had served me. other restaursnts have a tip collection box and the money goes there. \nI was charged extra for a coffee I did not drink I brought it to their notice and it was taken off without an apology. \nwell, I love the food, and I am willing to overlook these thing.\nD James, \nEtobicoke
4	Been in to eat and also have picked up takeout. Great menu, fair prices. Food was solid. I will return.
1	Terrible service - they can't handle pressure\nFood served cold. Sambar that's key to a South Indian Dosa meal must always be served hot but was served cold. Their excuse for cold sambar was that they're just preparing it because of the rush. Shouldn't that mean the sambar should be hot?!?  And their servings for sambar are too small. They skimp on the chutneys. \n\nWe'd ordered a Kara dosa which they got wrong. Not authentic at all. \n\nHot coffee served cold. And when we asked for it to be brought back and served hot we got a lame excuse that the milk was just poured fresh, what fresh from the fridge?!?  When they did take the coffee back, it never was served again. And we still got billed for it. We asked for water several times.  Not served!!!  They finally brought out a jug of water as we were putting on our jackets to leave.  \n\nThis is the 3rd time in as many months that I've made the mistake of coming here. But no more.  \n\nThis place sadly does not have its act together and gets a big fat zero in both the food and service department. One of the staff even have the excuse that cold food is a 'kitchen problem'. Hello, is management listening.  \n\nWith this sort of customer service I seriously wonder why the place is busy or popular. If I could I would give them negative marks. One things for sure., they've lost an avid foodie customer.
1	This place has lost my vote completely .... Used to be an awesome South Indian buffet for breakfast with hot kaapi served with idli dosa and wada and a background music of suprabhatam to augment your weekend into a bliss... But off late the service is unbearable... I used to go as the food was atleast better than the others... Today the food also was a huge let down! Sambhar with no sambhar aroma just daal with tempering of curry leaves and mustard seeds and idli, dosa, wada all undercooked and stone like texture and not to mention cold ..... And a background music of titanic? Really? This has to be a management issue.. Even the rava upma was disastrous ... The table was not even served water! \nI would just like to add is this restaurant was special to me and I used to come here very often... This is a yelp alert to other people to avoid this place and not to get their heart broken like me! \n\nIf you are still thinking to try this place let me tell you they don't have gulab jun the only star entry of this place and have some cheap kesari... \nThank you for not going and trying out Cora's adjacent to this shit
5	Absolutely love the food! Brought many people here for lunch and dinner and they also love the food. I highly recommend masala dosa and gun powder idlys.
1	Had heard so much about Saravanna Bhavan- we just moved here from California and was excited to give this place a try. The service was non-existant...it was as if they were doing us a favour by serving us lunch. The supposedly spicy 'kara' dosa was tasteless and the potato stuffing inside was a violent red colour- using red food colour does not make anything spicy people!\nMy friend ordered another dosa which was so greasy that it had no taste but stale oil.\nThe thali looked OK but tasted zilch. The little bowls that the sambar came in...that was a mystery...some of them were stuck inside the other- probably the dishwasher could not get them separated- so basically that meant that the lower one was dirty. When we complained the server mumbled something and then never showed his face. \nNever going back here again
1	How many of you are aware that you get charged 10% gratuity on your bill plus 13% HST on the tip amount?  I am not aware that this automatic gratuity mentioned in the menu card. Can someone advise  if this is legal?  Anyway I think it is a dishonest practice. I am really disappointed.
2	So I'll start by saying I had a terrible experience at the flagship location in Chennai, India in 2005. Since then, I swore off coming to this place ever again (no matter what corner of the world). \nSo after successfully boycotting this restaurant for 12 years, I was forced into going on a recent family dinner. \n\nNow I'll tell you why I will not go back again:\n\n1. They sat us directly next to the cash and a waiter just hovered outside of the register directly behind my seat. Table was not clean! \n\n2. We were a party of 6 and received 3 menus. When I asked for an additional 3 menus, I was handed one without a word and the waiter walked away. Another one walked by and I asked for an additional two menus and was asked why I couldn't share and rolled her eyes?! (Ummm ok)\n\n3. Six people, 5 spoons. It was a mission to get another spoon. \n\n4. One of our appetizers came after our mains because we asked if it was coming (I'm guessing they forgot to put in the order)? \n\n5. Not enough napkins. We asked for more and got 2. (Maybe they're saving money by reducing napkin waste?!) \n\n6. Had to ask four times for extra sambhar before getting any. \n\nOverall, the food was not anything special. There are many other dosa places that serve far better quality food and actually care about their customers. The service is horrendous. We went on a Monday evening around 6pm. They were not busy and many servers were just hanging around chatting with each other. When interacting with customers they behave in a manner that leads me to believe that the customer is a burden and they are not interested in ensuring a positive experience.\n\nThank you for reminding me why I had not eaten here since 2005 and why I should never eat here again.
1	Dosa is sometimes seen as a delicacy. Most do not make this at home. So when looking for a dosa fix, and a proper one, I have tried to come here.\n\nI came here about 3 times this year.\n\nThe service is minimal. You get your food, which comes in small portions, and you get out. You pay at the counter at the front. So that kind of tells you what type of set up this is.\n\nZero ambiance. hard cold seats, storefront setting, in a plaza. Walls peeling. \n\nIt is all veg food - no meat. \n\nThe dosa was barely filled. I mean, barely. I would say two tablespoons of filling in the large paper dosa.\n\nI would rather go to Annjapar a bit further south.
5	Ultimate south indian breakfast buffet! Totally satisfied with this place. The staff is friendly,the food is fresh, Dosas are crisp, chutneys are delicious and sambar is to die for! If you're planning to catch up the weekend buffet and don't want to wait then be there by 10.30 a.m.
2	Good value for food however I have always had an issue with their cleanliness. Overall not super clean but ok. Food quality is ok. Overall value 5/10
5	again - as usual - it's amazing!!
4	Excellent for vegetarians and healthy food. Variety of dishes. If you want taste something different this is the place to go.
2	On the name of Chennai's Saravana Bhawan we visited here three to four times but not good as other branches are. Last time visited Delhi's Saravana Bhawan and it was really good. We can't even compare this Saravana to Delhi's Saravana. I didn't liked there sambar and dosa was not crispy at all even filter coffee was like Tim Hortons! Also the thali is limited... Can you imagine?!? For the first time I experienced this kind of thing... We just needed 1 extra poori and for that only we had to pay. We visited Bahrain's Saravana also... Even that branch is also far better than this one!
2	Been here a couple of times and it was ok for most part. Not spectacular. The food has been ok, but we've always had good service. Returned last week with baby in tow, only to find no changing table in bathroom of this \"family\" friendly restaurant. Not returning.
5	For my money, Saravana Bhavan is just perfect. food for a great price.  Crispy, smooth dosas and bubbly, chewy uttapam.  The Sambar is just like Dosa in SF, packed full of leaves, seeds, and spices that hit your taste buds in all the right places! \nThe staff are super nice and kept making sure we were satisfied. \"More sambar, More Chutney?\" \nYes, please! \nAfter getting way more than 2 people could eat (come in groups) we packed it up and of course left with more sambar and more chutney.  \nSat and Sun, the buffet offers all the south indian food you could eat, (AYCE) and desserts. Try just a bite of these super sugary, fried desserts and think about jogging back to downtown TO.
4	Been to this location thrice at different times. The service has been pretty consistent - quick and efficient. I will not expect more from an Indian restaurant.\n\nThe food has been really good for the most part. Here are the things we've tried - \nThe vada sambar is top-class; fresh, hot, soft and super tasty.\nThe bisibele bath is good with plenty of good flavour. The onion rava masala dosa is crisp and filling - the best I've had. One star off for the rava idli that lacked life... Otherwise you cannot go wrong with anything here!
4	This is going to be a biased review because this chain is from my home city in South India. \n\nNow that's out of the way, this is the best place to get authentic south indian food. If you are a newbie to the cuisine go on Sunday for the buffet when you can try a bit of everything \n\nIf you familiar with South Indian food, the mini Idlis, paper masala and the adai aviyal are something that you can always bet will be great. \n\nIt's a completely vegetarian joint, so meat eaters might be tad disappointed - the flavour will make up for it, trust me ;) \n\nEnjoy.
4	The idlis are so good! The service is wonderful. Rava kesari is the best. Cheese Kara Masala Dosa is also a must try. The quality of food and the speed at which its served is amazing.
5	I really love this place. The paper dosa is so crispy! The potato masala is very mild and the chutneys have varying degrees of spicyness. We also love their Rava Kichadi, Parotta's with potatoes and a delicious cauliflower dish. The Mini Tiffin is a great place to start and try a bit of everything. And don't forget to have some Rasmalai for dessert!  Enchanting!  The Rava Kesari is also delicious.
4	I love the manager here, he knows us for a very long time. I like their food. The servers change so often that we don't like it but still they are much better than a lot of other restaurants.  \n\nFood - 4/5\nService - 4.5/5\nManagement - 5/5
1	I am a huge fan of Guru Lukshmi and they set a really high bar for dosa in GTA. Unfortunately, Saravanaa Bhavan was a big letdown. We went in pretty late on a sunday afternoon. The decor has been recently upgraded which gives the place a clean modern look although it is still based in a strip mall. \n\nMost tables around us were having the thali which should have given us some strong signals. \n\nWe ordered the vada sambar but the quality of the sambar was not good. The vada was not crispy as well which let the whole dish down. \n\nThe onion and chili utappam was the biggest disappointment. It was so thick and dry inside that after a few bites we just did not have the appetite to finish it. The chillies were huge and it was quite a task to remove them from the almost thick pizza crust like utappam. \n\nThe saving grace was the onion rava dosa but they had stuffed pepper in it which was annoying since it was quite strong. The accompanying chutney portion is too small and they were not flavorful at all. \n\nI am never going back again! Go spend your money at Guru Lukshmi. I am surprised they are a global chain with such poor quality of south indian food.
1	Disappointed ! They don't seem to function to the level they built up their restaurants in Chennai.\nThey don't have a clue about the importance of ambience in a restaurant .\nSacha
1	This is the worst place to have South Indian food whatsoever. I am a South Indian myself and wanted to take one of my colleagues to try south indian food.\n\nInitially I thought of Guru Lakshmi but then I decided this place as Guru Lakshmi tends to get way busy. I have tried Saravanaa Bhavan in Dubai and this place comes nowhere close to it.\n\nI ordered dosa and madras coffee. The coffee came before the dosa. I requested the server to give the coffee a little later as it would get cold before the dosa would even arrive. But guess what, the server plainly refused. I didn't want to create a scene in front of my colleague. Finally the dosa arrived and guess what again, it had hair on it. Yes the dosa that I wanted my colleague who never tried south indian food in his life, was trying it for the first time and the dosa had HAIR on it !!!\n\nAt this point I was going to almost lose it. But I kept my calm and requested it to be changed and hoped that there would be no cockroach.\n\nTotally ruined my experience and I'm sure my colleagues as well. \n\nPlease folks go anywhere to try south indian food but not here. For the same price you will get better south indian cuisine with NO HAIR in it !
4	I tired their Special Thali today ( only thali on the menu ) and it was fantastic, it was a gloomy day and it was just pefect, 14 items all veggie, it took about 10 minutes to get my order ready, that is kind of odd I would say as they were not busy all all when I entered, that being said it was worth it..the food you could just tell was fresh and clean.\n\nThey also renovated, the place looks way better than before, they added some booths as well . so if you are in the mood for some spicy south indian cusine, give this place a try.\n\n\nPlease note: If you are trying south indian food for the first time, it is pretty spicy :)\n\nthanks for reading \n\nPS. the service is a bit  odd but not rude. so dont be surpised if you find your server to be a little odd :)
1	went there for dinner last night. Service was average. Food was horrible. Sambar and Chutney tasted bland. Dosa was tasteless.\n\nWon't be visiting them soon.
2	Saravanaa has gone on a steep downhill trajectory over the past few years in food quality and service. The only upgrade as of now is the restaurant itself. A few months ago it was very unattractive, almost cafeteria style, with hard seats like you would find in a food court. Kudos to them for getting a massive facelift. I wish I took pictures, but it looks lovely inside. They even have an electric fireplace (for some reason) in the tiny entrance. \n\nBut ambiance aside, the food itself did not get a similar makeover. I will never again order a masala dosa from this place. There was a mere SMEAR of potato bhaji, a few tablespoons at most, in my dosa. The chutneys were pretty bland and also in small amounts. The best thing was the sambar, spicy and warming. The dosa itself was very oily.\n\nMy dad had the Saravanaa Special Meal, which consisted of ten TINY dishes (curries, chutneys, curd and a gulab jamun), rice, two papad and two pooris. As is the apparent custom here, the poories were miniscule. They were baby poories. I mean, how much are they saving really by cutting the quantity of their menu items? \n\nAnd it's not like this place isn't hopping. We got there at 7pm for dinner and already a queue had formed. This was the trend for the rest of the night, and people even crowded outside and left when they were told it would be a half an hour wait.\n\nThe waitstaff were pleasant enough, although our server tried to take away my plate before I had finished. They also left the front door open for a while, telling us \"the air conditioning was not working\". It is necessary to note that it was 10 degrees tonight, not a balmy summer at all. \n\nThis restaurant is NOT good for groups. There are tables of 4, and they can put a few together if needed. But do not come in with a group of 15, like people did tonight, and assume you will get a table quickly. Check ahead of time if you can make reservations.\n\nMy mom had the best meal tonight, the Mini Tiffin. It came with uppama, mini idlis in sambar, a mini dosa (with probably the same amount of bhaji as my dosa!) and a sweet. The sweet sheera was delicious, with cashews and raisins. Sad I didn't go for that.\n\nPROS:\n- nice ambiance, comfortable booths\n- delicious, spicy sambar\n\nCONS: \n- oily dosas with virtually no filling\n- crowded early, stays that way through dinner\n- NOT good for groups (call ahead)\n- hasty servers who do not consider the weather\n- miniature food
4	Great Masala Dosa - the mustard seed flavour of the Masala is perfect. The Parotta was good but not excellent: a bit small and not quite the right flavour compared to other Parotta I have had. The Rasmalai dessert is fantastic - although the presentation is nothing like the menu picture (no saffron strands) and suffers as a result.  I will definitely come again if I am in the area. For those new to South Indian food, it would be a great introduction, but those who are picky may not like it as much.
2	We usually go to Anjappar Chettinad one weekends when I have a strong craving for a South Indian breakfast. My review is going to be a mild comparison of the two. \nWe decided to try Saravan Bhavan a few days ago as I like trying different options. \nThe breakfast buffet on Sunday is from 10-12 and we had arrived at 11:10 to quite a line up. We were seated at 11:30. \nThe first thing I noticed was that the dosas, idlis and vadas are much better than anjappar and are really well made. The sambhar and tomato chutney is delicious as well. \nOne of the reasons I crave this breakfast is because I love Rava Kesari and Payasam. The rava kesari was quite tasteless and the payasam seemed to have been thickened with starch rather than reduced the way it should be. \nWe asked for two coffees as we noticed that there were no beverages in the buffet area (In comparison, anjapar has coffee that you help yourself to) and they brought us two very small coffees that were quite good. We didn't know until it was time to pay the bill that each of the 150 ml coffees were $2.25 each adding $4.50 to the total. \nFor two people with coffee the bill came to $29.90 plus tip. \n\nI have rated it two stars because of the overall experience - food, service and pricing. \n\nFinal verdict: Liked- vadas, dosas, idly, sambhar and taste of the coffee\nDisliked: Service, wait time, pricing, poor tasting deserts, overall experience. \n\nWon't return.
5	Love the dosas here. The size of a dosa is smaller here but it is also cheaper. A great bang for your buck. Service is prompt and staff is friendly. The restaurant is usually packed and is also quite spacious
4	Somehow after we moved to Mississauga this Sarvana Bhawan was just a block from our new place so obviously we had to check it out.  Come from Madras (the birth place of this chain) I would say it's the same flavour and taste as back home.  \n\nIt doesn't mean that's it's a great place to eat out south Indian food around here.  There are better options for sure. But if you are looking for good old Sarvana Bhawan taste this one pretty much nails it bang on.
5	Best south indian food in Toronto. Everything freshly prepared and I am surprised at all the negative reviews posted by some members. The service was slow but maybe due to the large number of people.
5	Awesome authentic food and well priced\nCan be quite busy over the weekends\nService can be slow, but the food more than makes up for it
1	New Management is crapy. Quality of food very low. Used to a big fan of this restaurant but will not recommend it to anybody. Please dont eat there.
4	This place serves the pure vegetarian south Indian cuisine .. even though I am not a pure vegetarian, I do eat out at this restaurant sometimes when I am in a mood for a light meal .. the thing with this kinda food is that no matter how much you eat, it doesn't makes your stomach go rumbling or feel heavy .. so I guess I can go here once in a while ..\nThe ambience isn't that great .. some of the tables are lined up in the middle of the path and I hate sitting in this area. The service is alright, not the fastest but reasonable . Everytime I've been here, I've noticed that the place is kinda crowded .. so there is a lot of noise but then if I choose to eat out then I should not complain about the noise I guess.\nFood is good if you are not looking for the typical spicy taste that Indian food is known for. Their spice level is pretty low.
4	The food here makes me forget that I'm not eating meat. I'm a carnavore and make few eceptions about not having some meat on my plate, but I have to say I don't even miss it when I eat here. My wife and I have only ever gone for the buffet. I eat my vada with sambar,  my dosa with rice and tomato chutney, and my puri with potato or rice. It tastes amazing and I've never left without being so full that I'm uncomfortable, which is a good thing. The only reason I don't give them five stars is because they need to expand. It's always so busy that the service is close to chaos. But I'd much rather have great food and slow service than great service and terrible food. I recommend this place to any meat lover like myself to prove that the occasional meat free meal can be very enjoyable.
1	This was THE SHITTIEST first-dosa-tasting of my life. I know it's impossible to rate my first-tasting of anything, but I'm pretty sure when you get a sour stomach and horrible shits after being at a restaurant - it was a horrible first experience. \n\nI really hope dosas don't actually taste like what they did here. The food item itself can't be that horrible or else no one would eat it, right? But you see, I'm traumatized to a point where I might not even consider re-evaluating what they taste like and just leave it at that. \n\nThe service was shoddy. The drink prices (non-alcoholic) are shitty for the amount you get, which is close to nothing. The venue looks like a McDonald's in an airport food court. If this is what they think south India should be, then I recommend that Britain reoccupy. \n\nThe only thing I'd recommend is the Madras coffee, to-go. That's the one thing they didn't manage to screw up royally.\n\nAnd paying $30 for all this, that was the rotting cherry on top.
4	The place for Dosa, in my books!\nThis place has always provided the crowds with some great vegetarian food as well as my favourite, dosas! I am not much of a vegetarian, but i would go here for Dosas as well as other tasty dishes. \nThe service is good, not the best, but still good.\nThe place is clean, and has the sink to wash your hands, without going to the washrooms...a must for your seasoned foodie.
2	This is a poor version of this esteemed franchise. Sambhaar lacked any tamarind and looked and tasted like daal. Chutneys were also subpar. The dosa was strictly ok. The Scarborough branch is much better. Very disappointed.
2	I love a good fixin' of dosa every now and then. When I do have it, I always go in with expectations (which I'm working on) of the dosa rice crepe itself having to be crispy, the potato filling has to be spicy and spread evenly inside the dosa crepe. \n\nCraving dosa, I went to Udupai first (one of my favorite dosa restaurants) but they were closed on a Tuesday for lunch! Hence, I ended up coming to Saravanaa Bhavan due to proximity & time crunch. I guess it was a good excuse to try it out. \n\nHere's what I found at Saravanna Bhavan: \n\n-Mom and I ordered 2 Spicy Kara Dosas. We found them to be rather soggy and oily \n-The potato filling was blood red in color, making me think they had added in a ton of food coloring \n-The dosa crepe was overly thick\n-Chutney's were okay; however they really skimped on it. I also found that the chutneys were rather inconveniently served to the left into three portions of the thali (steel square plate)\n-The sambar was okay; nothing special. For some odd reason unbeknownst to me, they had used 2 katoris (small steel bowls) which were stuck together to serve the sambar in \n-As for service, there was only one person serving when mom and I went here for lunch making service slow. \n\nSure it was decently priced; but the quality of food and service was worth WAY LESS than the $8 we cashed out for each dosa. Unfortunately, food and price do not go hand-in-hand here.
2	Average! They could do so much better. No exceptional flat ours. Poor is were way too small. Only redeeming feature was the pappadums. \nService is attentive but we have had much better South Indian.
2	I went here to have authentic south Indian food, however I was very disappointed.\nAlso the quality of food is low compared to their Scarborough location.\nIf you are looking for authentic South Indian food, I would not recommend this place.
5	I love this place. The dosas are really good and portions are big. The place is very clean and service is the best I've had at an Indian restaurant. The waiters treat you like your at their home. Whenever I'm in town, I go here.
5	It's been a while since i have been to sarvana bhavan and boy had i been missing out. I have been going to another very famous South Indian restaurant which has forgotten how to serve their guests lately and the staff seems to be very arrogant lately. \nSarvana wasn't too busy at the moment of our visit on Sunday night at 9 and the food was delivered quickly. The dosas were delicious and crispy and sambhar was hot and just as i hoped. Staff has always been extremely polite at this place and i really enjoyed going back to a place that gets it right. \nEverybody in our group agreed that my favorite dish, paneer dosa, was the best they have ever tried. \nWill be going back there soon and telling all my friends about it too.
5	Overall:  Worth the trek to Mississauga.  Great value, great taste, great people. \n\nRoom: Not fancy, spacious, clean\n\nService: Friendly, even avuncular (more materteral), everyone's an auntie, and frankly a bit concerned that i wanted a second coffee \n\nMenu: Thorough south indian menu, tough to decipher without guidance from someone who knows the cuisine\n\nPresentation: Traditional south indian restaurant, paper dosas are intimidatingly big but that's why you get them \n\nTaste:  Delivers on south indian vegetarian goodness.  \n\nValue: There's a reason this place is packed with Indians.  Tastes good and cheap!
5	Love the food.. We order thali last time, my god there was so much to eat.. Every bit of dish tastes heavenly..
4	Came here last Saturday with my dad for some dosa.  We were pleasantly surprised with the texture of breads, dosa and the complex flavours of the bateta and chutneys.  The masala tea was also very good.\n\nThe channa could use a little bit of work though.\n\nI'll be back.
1	Are you kidding? I waited in line for 45 minutes when they said it was going to be 15! We got in and turns out there were no potatoes. I mean I can't believe their service! Worst part is the management though. This isn't the first time this has happened looking at other reviews. If there was a way this would be getting a 0 star!!!
5	Just had a great meal at the newly renovated restaurant. Dark wood and comfortable banquets. The food was excellent as always. Idli were fluffy and the vada were nice and crispy. The cauliflower gravy that comes with paratha was delicious and the service was prompt and pleasant. The best South Indian in the GTA!
5	Delicious inexpensive South Indian food. I had the cauliflower dosa, not often available. Accompanied by sambar and 3 chutneys it was delectably filling for only $8. The new renovation has made dining in very pleasant. If you're a fan of South Indian, don't miss it.
1	Check your bill! The restaurant adds 10% gratuity without clear disclosure. I added a 20% tip on top. In effect, I paid 30+% for service. And, adding insult to injury, this happened to be at the weeekend brunch buffet with minimal table service. The non-disclosure is deceitful.
4	Reasonably good food but again the downside with this place, just like most other Indian restaurants is the service. The servers are unsmiling but not as bad as in most other Indian places. Depending on the time of the day, be prepared to endure some heavily irritating and ill mannered crowd. The food is however quite delicious and very fresh. For this reason I will keep on going back.
2	Poor service. Watered down sambhar! Cold idly and poori!! I have been coming here for past 2 years. There was never once when I had received good service. The server working there seems like he hates his job. He's been working there for as long as I dined there.\n\nThe dosa is average. However! The idly and poori always arrives at our table cold. The poori is so hard that it's barely edible. 50 % of the times, you will get good sambhar. But 50 % of the times you will get sambhar that is watered down and looks like water too.\n\nI really hope they improve their service and food. Don't serve the stale and hard poori to your customers!
1	I will never return to this place! They made us wait for 20 minutes even though there were rows of empty tables. Then when seated, again another 15 minute wait and I had to ask to be served. We had a pretty simple order-2 people, 4 items. They managed to mess it up. Food took forever to come and one item was missing. When I asked for the item the wait staff denied I had ordered it-their computer clearly confirmed otherwise. The manager came by and said 'sorry we can't handle the crowd.' Um...you're running a restaurant with a certain number of seats. What are you doing if you can't handle the customers? And to boot-they offered us a free dessert (which we didn't want) but didn't take a penny off the bill. \nThe food was mediocre. Stay far far away from this place. I'm sure there are better places for a dosa craving.
2	I have been here thrice...not because I am a fan...but because this place serves decent south Indian food...\nFellow yelpers who have ever tried at their outlet in Connaught Place, New Delhi...will call it below average but you can't expect same standard everywhere! Can you?\n\nService Wise: It's slow and when the restaurant is busy...expect slower service. I went here on this Ugadi. It was packed and they forgot my order. Two gentlemen on my table finished their thali and I got my tomato uttapam when they were done. \n\nThey have good servers...warm and soft spoken...but expect slow service!\n\nFood: Decent/ Average/ OK..Thalis are ok...so it the idli/wada combo and Uttapams. Its not at all an expensive place\n\nAmbiance: Please don't expect much
1	We went here on Saturday evening and I wanted to order Kara dosa which they did not have. We ordered mix veg dosa and tomato onion uttapam and requested they make it in ghee which they refused.We had previously come here and they had made our dosas in ghee.The sambhar was cold and when we asked for another one that was cold too.Worst sarvanna bhavan in the world.I have been to Dubai and London locations which are much better than here and have more variety of dosas.
4	Went for Saturday dinner with 4 ppl.  Very friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Extremely clean!!!  Love the hand washing station!!!  Great service and fantastic food, however only gave 4 out of 5 stars for two reasons:  (1) waiter forgot to bring our lassi (yet it was charged on the bill and we had to ask for it to be removed.. oh well, not too big a deal, it was an accident), and (2) the timing of bringing our dishes.  We ordered one appetizer to share, and four entrees.  One entree came first, several minutes later the appetizer came, and then several minutes later second entree, and several several minutes later the third entree, then much later the last entree came.  It wasn't ideal for us to be eating one at a time, lol.  This is a great restaurant to try if those two things don't bug you :)
5	Consistent good quality, flavors and fast service. My favorite South Indian food option in GTA.
4	Tasty food , nice clean place . prices little bit high for dosas but similar to some others in the area. Try some of the specialty dosas.
5	Great place if you want to taste real South Indian food. Great customer service. The food was tasty, specially their Special Meal with different curries and rice. So far I have had very experience with this place after several visits.
4	I've been to both the Scarborough and Mississauga locations and I prefer the Mississauga one because of cleanliness and also they have washroom and hand-washing area tucked away in the corner. \n\nThis time I ordered the paper dosa, sweet lassi and the special madras coffee.  The dosa and lassi were great.  The coffee was awesome! I'm not a coffee drinker but I liked that fact that it wasn't strong (they can make it strong if you want it that way) and I asked for sugar on the side. It comes in a cute little stainless cup in a small bowl and it has a lot of froth on top.  All in all a tasty meal.  At the end (where the cashier sits) I had some of the saunf (fennel) with candy...its good for digestion and its nice to eat something sweet (and free) at the end of the meal.
4	Saravana Bhawan has regained its touch after the last review though the Manager can certainly work on his attitude.
1	Today I went to sarvana bhava with my family at scarborough location this is one of the worst sevice I got I went with my infant baby (I had requested a seat in corner for my baby but the waiter was very rude he was more interested in accommodating other guest though place was relatively empty) and the service was pathetic. waited half an hour for tandoori paratha after finishing fist one and which never cameI wont recommend this place for anyone
5	It's inside the mall and the food is awesome! Probably the best authentic Chinese dinner you can have on Christmas Eve in North Carolina. Just don't peek in the kitchen. You're all good.
5	A diamond in the rough... I get off the highway just to grab lunch from here. Remind me of the authentic Chinese take outs in NYC
4	It helps to have someone understand the language while in the Hong Kong BBQ, but they do have english menus that you can use on the counter.  It is pretty cheap for some good food.  Just ignore the pig hanging from the ceiling if you find that gross and also ignore the food rating as I survived my visit and I am sure you will yours.  Just make sure to wipe down your silverware when you get them.\n\nPersonally I really liked the BBQ pork which you can see hanging with all the meat in little strips; which, they cut up and serve with rice is really good.
4	This is as authentic as you're going to get.\n\nI'll be straight up when I say that places like this can make me nervous.  The mall itself is sketchy...and it's in a sketchy part of town.  I make it this way every few weeks for some b\u00e1nh m\u00ec at Le's, but came on a day that Le's was closed.  Dim sum?...or the place with ducks hanging in the window?  We opted for the ducks in the window and chose Hong Kong BBQ.\n\nWhen you enter Hong Kong BBQ...you can tell there's going to be a communication issue.  There is literally...not a single thing resembling \"American\" in this restaurant.  I knew I was going to like this place.  I did my best not to look back at the kitchen.  We all know what that is going to look like...and I'd rather play dumb.  Dangit!  I looked.\n\nThe service was quick and the food was great!  We were even entertained with Chinese soccer on their small TV.\n\nI'd recommend coming here if you're an adventurous person...otherwise...you'll never make it as far as the door...much less the table.
4	Pretty run of the mill mom & pop shop, roast pork & bbq pork is sold at $9 a lb. and what can I say the bbq is pretty on par with what I can get in Boston both crispy and flavorful respectfully. Great to know I can find some comfort food in Charlotte.
4	This is definitely a hole in the wall place. I was actually picking up banh mi sandwiches and saw this place. The duck and pork were prepared as well as the places I go to in ATL. I will definitely be stopping by this place again when I'm in the area.
4	Incredible asian fusion, and an impressive sake list, if you like that sort of thing. Mmmmm... coconut-crusted mahi mahi.... Just start ordering and keep going until you are full.  But save room for the dessert sampler plate.
4	I really love Kushi Bar, it's the kind of place that I wouldn't be embarrassed to take my old friends from Boston or New York to. The sweet potato fries are fantastic and the dipping sauce just adds fuel to my firey addiction to sriracha. For vegetarians, I recommend the house salad (kumquats!), kimchi tofu, mushrooms, curry veggie and rice bowl and wash it all down with the gin rickey.
5	I'm a little wary of Asian fusion restaurants, and I wasn't sure quite what to expect from Muramoto, but my dining partners (a chef and a personal chef) and I were thoroughly pleased with our light dinner on Saturday evening. \n\nWe had two rolls, one eel and avocado and another tuna, avocado and some other stuff - both were fantastic. After seeing someone else with it, we also ordered the calamari with slaw and chili paste and, by far the best dish of the evening, the black miso seared cod. I've been remembering that cod all weekend, it was so good. There were a lot of other things on the menu that I wanted to try as well. Maybe another time.\n\nActually, everything was really, really good. This was a place I would want to revisit if I lived in Madison. Although we didn't order anything off it, they did have a specials menu with at least three items, and the very extensive sake menu. \n\nContrary to what one of the other reviewers said, I think it would be really hard for the average person to spend $100 alone unless you just stuffed yourself silly. We ordered five dishes total and two small bottles of sparking sake to share among three women and the bill was $85. Actually I couldn't quite believe how reasonable the bill was when it came. \n\nBTW, make reservations. We weren't in a hurry, so we went and had a drink and came back, but the dining area is quite small, so if you have more than two people you'll definitely want to call ahead on a weekend evening.
5	Muramoto is a paradise if you are a sake lover. Their collection is enormous and I believed the owner claimed Muramoto has the best collection in midwest. If you are a sake lover and haven't been there, what  are you waiting for? and if you don't usually drink sake, you should still try the sake out (especially the ones list under fragrant) and you might change your view about sake forever.\n\nFor the food Muramoto is Asian fusion in tapas style. Although each plate might be only around $10, most of them are not filling (rolls are the exceptions) and at the end combining your sake bill the check might cost as much as $100 per person.
4	[NOTE:  this review is about Restaurant Muramoto, which used to be in the location currently occupied by Kushi Bar, but has since moved down the street 2 blocks.]\n\nIn a handful of visits since it opened a few years ago, I've found Muramoto to have generally outstanding food and often less-than-ideal service.  IMO, the former more than makes up for the latter, which is at its worst just a bit slow and unconcerned.  (Once, for example, we were two dishes into our meal before our first round of drinks arrived.)\n\nBut, ahh, the food.  This is probably the most creative food in Madison.  I describe it as pan-asian fusion in a tapas form factor.  There is some sushi, and some is even pretty good (I'm thinking of the signature duck mango avocado rolls).  That said, it's a mistake to think of Muramoto as a sushi place, though (there is a Muramoto sushi restaurant in the hilldale area ) -- my favorite dishes here have included the soy cod, a lamb curry, and a few amazing salads.  In my experience, the oft-changing menu contains little that isn't great -- an omnivore with an open-minded palate could safely close their eyes and just start pointing.\n\nCome with an appetite and prepare to spend a bit of change (dinner for 2 with drinks and dessert will exceed $100), and avoid the tables in the front near the door on cold days.
5	Like Leslie S. said Muramoto has a somewhat limited menu but what is on that menu is outstanding.  I adore places that encourage tapas style/family dining and Muramoto's portions are what some may describe as small.  (Two to share two entrees is just enough food.) Additionally I appreciate that food is brought out as it is done being prepared and does not suffer death under a heat lamp.\nFor drinks I had Lychee Liquor and grapefruit juice which was mango-ey and so tasty. I'd consider coming back just for that concoction alone.  We ordered the Tuna with Wasabi Flying Roe, Shrimp in Spicy Coconut Sauce, and the Pan Seared Scallop. (which was the favorite dish)  All of our food embodied unique flavors, and were demonstrations of  \"Asian fusion\" done right.  Our server was incredibly helpful with questions, and prompt without seeming as if she was trying to rush us out the door.  \nAlso prices were not that bad.  For 2 entrees, 1 roll, and drinks we exited the restaurant only about $60-ish poorer (including tip). I am definitely returning. I wish the restaurant was bigger and took reservations because I'd rent out the whole place for graduation.
1	Kushi bar will close at the end of August (may already be closed)\nhttp://77square.com/food/restaurants/story_462727
4	Wandered in here looking for the restaurant and they told me to go down the street.  They have some food, but it's not the same as the full restaurant.  However, their shochu drinks are more extensive at this location, so I had a shochu shiso mojito.  It was okay--not my favorite, but not bad either.  Maybe I should have tried a drink that wasn't trying to be another drink.  \n\nAnyway, the place is really nice, the bartenders are really nice.  Well worth a visit.
4	best meal i had since coming to Madison.(Been here 2 months) I would say that this place serves fusion Japanese Food. My recommendation is that this is the place to go with friends so that you can share dishes and try more stuff. Food quality is top notch and each dish really offers you a new experience. Only gripe about the place is that portions are SMALL and it's relatively pricey. expect to spend 20 plus per pax. A must try is their dessert sampler! Definitely going back : )
5	Although I regularly miss Dog Eat Dog around noon every week day, I'm pleased that Muramoto replaced it and gave us a place to blow our cash on Sunday nights. The chef's tasting is key. And use the bathroom with the sink that makes you want to get out your GI Joes and Barbies and play in the bubbles all night.
1	Oh my did this place not live up to the hype.  It was heinous how sloppy our rolls came out, my date's food came out a full 20 minutes after my own, and the black cod was incredibly salty.  The place looked \"hip\" but that's about as cool as it got.   If you are looking to make a fashion statement then by all means dress yourself up and head to Muramoto, if you are looking to enjoy your meal (be it tapas, sushi, real japanese or some fusion) look elsewhere.
4	This place accommodated our party of 8 well-sauced gentlemen nicely. Our waitress was friendly and extremely helpful with our menu choices. Her recommendation of one roll and another fairly small plate was the perfect amount of food for us, as we had more beers to consume apres-dinner. \n\nI got the impression this is one of the nicer restaurants in Madison, because everyone was dressed up. Except us of course. In Chicago this would be a nicer-than-average sushi restaurant, but it's not on par with Japonais. Think more along the lines of Sushi Ra if the food at Sushi Ra were a lot better. Sort of a modern, almost trendy thing going on, with a pronounced wet bar. \n\nThe food was good, but to be perfectly honest, I have no business reviewing a sushi restaurant since I usually don't get any of the real shit. If it's crispy and fried or if the flavor of the fish is masked by jalepeno, avocado, or cream cheese, that's just fine with me. \n\nSo yeah, sorry I made you read this review for nothing.
5	ASIAN FUSION WITH INCREDIBLE SAKE MENU.\n\nAll info I've seen says 'tapas style', but I will tell you - these plates are not too small, and quite filling. Their other spot cross town is an incredible sushi restaurant with everything under the sun. Here, only have a few rolls on the menu (and they are incredible), but that is not why you come. Come for the tasty, hot dishes, and for the sake flights.\n\nEvery so often, you eat a meal that is soooo good, so perfect in almost every way, and the tastes are so unforgettable, that you want to get right up then and there, and do what I affectionately call, The Food Dance. This is food that makes your eyes roll back into your head with every bite, and leaves you wondering where the hell you have been eating all these years. This was, hands down, my saving grace in Madison. Presentation of the food is spectacular. Eating alone? Sit at the bar and stare at um-teen bottles of Japanese sake. Eating with a group? Even better, as the sushi rolls they do have there (soft-shell crab or avocado and mango roll w/ thin-sliced duck breast on top, drizzled with a duck reduction sauce, or a few others) are HUGE. Don't think California sushi, as each roll which costs $10 has about ten large slices, and you will find it hard to eat an entire one by yourself. These rolls would easily be double the price if this was in SF.  Look for Michael, the tall, bald-shaven, server/barman that knows everything about the menu, and can recommend many good sakes on the list. Try the sake flight (3 glasses) for a nice accompaniment to any meal. Now for the best part........you want small slices of some of the tastiest beef anywhere? Get the hangar steak. Not a large portion (meaning not a whole steak) but you get several slices of this beef, drizzled with a white miso-bleu cheese sauce that is to DIE FOR. Not a fan of bleu cheese? No worries, as the taste is made subtle by the combining with miso. But please, do yourself a favor - ORDER THIS DISH! Not a big beef fan? That's fine, as the Grilled Miso Black Cod is their signature dish. My suggestion? Start with some sake, and order yourself one sushi roll, and one hot dish. Take a few people, and everyone order a few different things, and share. And won't you be happy when you get out of there, after all this tasty food, and still you are not over the per diem. And if you are, maybe you shouldn't have had that third drink. Be advised - this place has a little wooden sign in the window, and it took me forever to find it. Do me one better, and take the address WITH YOU when you go!
5	Who says the Midwest can't have tasty seafood?  Dim and intimate, Muramoto is easily one of my favorites places in Madison.  A varied menu with some fantastic Asian-inspired cuisine, this ain't your grandmother's Friday night fish fry.\n\nUpdate:  swing by on Sunday night to try the blind chef's tasting.  4 courses ending in dessert for $30.  Never disappointing.
5	I am infatuated with my new love, Muramoto. At first, I was highly doubtful the state of Wisconsin could feature decent sushi but boy oh boy was I wrong. Mad props incredibly for the fact that they feature a deeeelicious Philly role with salmon and cream cheese. Heavenly! I enjoy the fact that they serve their edamame with big grains of salt to give it an extra kick. And last but certainly not least, I could drink a million of the Russian teas (a smooth mixture of kahlua and green tea vodka, which I have never tried or seen before this restaurant introduced me to it!) \n\nI end my Valentine to Muramoto with a shout out to its modern decor that made me feel like I was in big city again, and that it smells like fresh sushi on the inside, since most Japanese restaurants don't smell like anything! This is the first place of many in Madison that I have graced with 5 stars because I was that impressed!
4	There were only a handful of rolls available at $10 each that are very fulfilling.  I would recommend the soft shell crab roll.  For some reason the Duck, Mango and Avocado roll made my stomach really queasy.  I didn't try the sake because it was a Monday night, but I would come back for the oyster shot!  A mixture of oyster, raw quail egg and spices it was something very unique!  I had two before my meal.  Slurrrrrp!
5	Yep, I did it- 5 stars.\n\nAfter a few missed attempts at going to muramoto, we finally made it in.\n\nWe tried some sake to start it off, and the Wakatake was superb- at the suggestion of the waiter. Next were the oyster/quail egg shots. What a nice melding of flavors. This was followed by the corn/lemongrass chowder- big disappointment, but I'll let it slide.\n\nOn to the main courses- started with the tuna/mayo roll. This was a quite a big portion and really was a great sushi roll for those that like the bells and whistles. The hangar steak was tasty. The bleu cheese sauce was just perfect and made the steak that much better. Could have used just a tad more crust on the meat. Finally, we had the miso black cod. This is how fish should taste. It melted in your mouth, and was salty, but in a great way. \n\nTIP- go early or late (after 9) because they don't take reservations.
5	Yum!  Muramoto is really the best place in Madison for Sushi.  Period.  The service is always great, not just that they are prompt and attentive, but they know the menu and the drink menu and can make intelligent recommendations that I am usually pleased with.  Muramoto's creative rolls are SO delicious, they are all different tasting and the only comparison to their taste comes from good sushi places in Chicago.  I get take out here at least once a week and dine here about once or twice a month.  If you want fantastic sushi at really a quite reasonable price, this is your place!
2	Just to be clear, this is a review of the new 'tapas-style' Muramoto.  Ok, with that out of the way....\n\nThe Space:  Just like the old Muramoto that was there, its a great space and feels like a 'big city' restaurant.  Dark, calm, cool, and the lighting is superb.  Great date place and it just feels sexy.\n\nThe Food:  I wanted to like it, I really did.  We ordered a wide variety of small plates and not ONE of them was good.  In fact, even they even managed to blow bacon-wrapped figs stuffed with blue cheese.  Now thats not easy to screw up.  The plates ranged from merely ok to bad (octopus 'balls' were like fried croquettes with elastic bands in the middle).  \n\nThe Drinks:  Drinks were good.  Good pours, good selection and the Japanese booze was interesting.  \n\nThe Price:  Here's why Kushi Bar received an extra star.  The place is cheap for what it is, especially the drinks.\n\nSo all in all, go for drinks, ambiance and to impress a date.  Maybe even order a small plate or two but don't expect it to taste as gourmet as it sounds on the menu...
5	Muramoto has moved into its new space and its all good (great space, expanded menu, same great staff)...but, I strangely miss the old space. Maybe some therapy for this reviewer.
5	I like this place.  The food and the service is great.\n\nSesame Crusted Big Eye Tuna with tahini sauce - I love it!  The sauce is so nutty and tasty and goes perfectly with the tuna and mixed greens.\n\nRock Crab Croquettes - it's their version of crab cakes but they deep fry the croquettes (4) and they arrive at your table piping hot.  They're delicious! - reminds me of my beloved dungeness crabs back home.   \n\nShrimp and Spicy Coconut Sauce with crushed peanuts - this is pretty good.  It's very similar to Thai food.\n\nHangar Steak with bean salad in bleu cheese & miso dressing - both times I've had it it's been a little tough and very chewy.  The bean salad (scattered around the steak on a long rectangular plate) drenched in the dressing is quite good.\n\nDESSERTS\nWe ordered the Sample Platter.  I'm glad we did because we were able to try some really interesting desserts.  This Platter is perfect for two people.\n\nYuzu (Japanese Citrus Fruit) Panna Cotta - a little more firm than normal panna cotta.  Didn't really taste the citrusy fruit.  But it was very good.  It kind of reminded me of a smoother version of cheesecake without the graham cracker crust.  It also had a drizzle of some berry compote.\n\nStrawberry Spring Roll w/Honey ginger ice cream - I really liked the spring roll.  It was nice and hot and I think there was some sweetened sticky rice in it as well.  I'm a big fan of ginger but for some reason I didn't like the ice cream.\n\nHoney Black Sesame Creme Brulee - this was not my favorite but it was interesting.  The creme wasn't super creamy but had a little texture to it.  The color of the creme was a dark charcoal grey and tasted like smokey sesame.  It's a clever idea but not something I would try again.\n\nKabocha (Japanese pumpkin/squash) Cheesecake - pumpkiny cheesecake with cinnamon or nutmeg with maple syrup lining the plate was my favorite.
5	I will never look at sushi the same way again!  I am a huge sushi addict, and this is above and beyond the best place to get your \"fix\" in Madison.  It even beats the places in DC that I've tried, and they do a cool new take on  rolls.  Everything was fantastic, my date and I ate 'til we were stuffed...then had dessert on top of that (a delicious creme brulee).  At $10 a roll, these are more than worth the price..they are huge and come with their own individual sauces...no wasabi or soy needed.  We had a saki flight...not my thing, but good to try once I guess.  Service was great and I love the atmosphere.  I can't wait to go back!
4	The food here is amazing.  Kushi is like Japanese tapas - all small plate dishes here.  I went here on a date and enjoyed everything we ordered.  It was pretty deserted on a Tuesday night, but I've seen more people there on the weekend.  The ambiance is loungy - and pretty dark, so it gives off a romantic vibe.  A bit expensive, but worth it.
4	Muramoto is a very good restaurant if you enjoy a limited selection of very good things.  The duck roll is outstanding as are the oyster shots, which are my favorite way to start dinner.\n\nCriticism-wise, there is a bit of a problem with seating in the wintertime, as there is quite a draft coming in from the door if you sit too close to it.  Moreover, you cannot make reservations at Muramoto.  This means of course that you cannot request a table further away from the door if you want to in advance (first come first serve).\n\nService is just fine, ambiance is lovely.  Come with a date, not your kids and definitely not in your red UW sweatshirt.  Dress to impress; this is a spot for grownups only.\n\n!!!!!!UPDATE!!!!!! \nDowntown Muramoto has moved to an new location, which is interestingly just down the road from their old location.  This solves the drafty chill issue, there are LOTS more seats, and you can now make rezzos.  On the downswing, it's missing something of its original, uniquely Madisonian charm.  It now has vaulted ceilings, adequate lighting, and at least one waitress of questionable moral character.  Plus they have an additional location by the Hilldale Mall which is yet another step down.  I think what I'm saying is that Muramoto sold out to the man and is now no longer actually hip or trendy.  But honestly, it's still quite nice and the food is very good.  The new Hilldale location does not have the oyster shots, but they do have a delicious octopus salad which knocks me sockies off.  You might as well keep going.
5	Amazing place downtown Oakville that makes you feel very welcome and has a downtown Toronto feel.  It's open a bit later than other places in Oakville therefore it's great for the night owl crowd. I've been there at least 3 times and there is usually some party going on.  Later in the evening they play music and have the most interesting Japanese Anime or Sumo wrestling on a big screen.  \nThe food is authentic and high quality.  Their rolls are amazing.  \nBut what makes this restaurant such a hit is the personal staff and bartenders who make everyone feel like a regular.  They greet everyone in Japanese.  I'll be back!
2	My GF and I ate at Fin's on Saturday night Sept 21, 2013.  We had the chef's special tasting box which had 9 different items. The honey topped eggplant was quite good but everything else was mundane at best.  There were rubbery little pieces of octopus with much chopped vegetables in a sauce that overwhelmed everything. There was spicy salmon which was not spicy and was overwhelmed by a massive amount of mayo.  The tuna was tasteless. Etc. In addition, the decor is primitive and the place is incredibly loud for a supposedly upscale restaurant. It is simply not a good restaurant and I would not return.
4	What a gem! I'm so happy I wandered into FIn! \n\nSince moving to Oakville I've been searching for as many Toronto-esque restaurants as possible so i can get my fill! I've found a few great places there, but no food (especially Asian) has actually been that great - until Fin! \n\nI went here on a Sunday evening, and was concerned it wouldn't be open, but it was until 10 PM. We were greeted in Japanese and seated immediately by our extremely friendly and attentive server. \n\nFood is a bit on the pricey side, but without there being much competition in terms of Izakaya in Oakville, I wasn't surprised, and it didn't break the bank. \n\nPersonal favorites were the selection of fish for three (see picture, so beautiful!) and the Eastern Style Caesar (who wouldn't love a drink with a crab leg in it!).\n\nOverall i was super impressed with the quality and variety of food, as well as the service. I couldn't recommend Fin enough to those starved for a bit of Asian food in Oakville!\n\nDisclaimer: If you're from Toronto and eat Izakaya all the time, this might be a touch pricey for you!
1	warning. !!!!!!   This is not the same fin as before sold to new owner !   Super dry pull pork rice burger and stale sashimi salad and  gone bad chicken skewers were the 3 dishes ordered.    I gave 15% tip that the owner dared to ask for such food and service, smiled back at the owners and said \"see you next time\" NOT!
2	Way too expensive for what you get. I don't mind paying more for good food but this place was not worth it. Was recommended by a friend after telling her how much I loved Guu but I definitely can't listen to her anymore! \n\nIt's a nice looking place and the service was good as well, but the food comes first and it definitely was lacking. Sashimi was on par with AYCE places, not what you expect when you pay 40 bucks for 16 pieces. \n\nOverall, not pleased with my food experience.
4	Exceeded expectations. Ate early around 6.15 pm so was fairly quiet...2 others. Strangely asked if we had reservations...interesting! \nSauvignon Blanc from Chile was good and can be recommended. Cucumber Addiction tasty, avocado tempura very good, sashimi 3 kinds flawless, fresh raspberry point fresh oysters excellent value at $1.50 each. Shichimi duck salad also very good.  At $76 before HST & tip about right for the quality. Pleasant staff....will go again!
4	Fairly new establishment on the Lakeshore strip in downtown Oakville.  A good thing to see with all the For Lease signs that have been cropping up lately.\n\nIf someone could translate what is yelled at patrons once they enter, it would be greatly appreciated.  I'll assume it is a greeting.  The friendly staff that helped us explained that the general restaurant experience is that of arriving, eating and then leaving to go enjoy something else, somewhere else.  The Izakaya experience is designed for you to eat, drink, socialize, etc. all under one roof.  Hence the loud and sometimes frantic atmosphere.  Pretty much a tapas menu.\n\nAfter perusing the Sake menu, my wife and I settled on some Sapporo, mine in the bath-sized glass.  It wasn't that the Sake menu wasn't impressive, but my wife doesn't love it, I have limited experience with the Gekkeikan brand and I just wasn't in the mood to take a chance on a 3 oz, $15-30 sake that I may or may not like.  Maybe if I'd have been encouraged or had some sort of crash course I would have considered.\n\nAny way, food:\n\nIn absence of a bread basket, you are given what is called thin spaghetti, coated in salt and flavoured with a spicy curry.  A little strange a different as it is like eating spicy uncooked spaghetti.  \n\nStarted with the Cucumber Addiction - sliced pickled cucumber with sesame seed and oil.  A great clean-tasting starter.  All orders come out fast and furious, but staggered so as not to bung up the table too much.\n\nThe Pork Rib Kakuni was really good.  3 fall off the bone pork ribs that are slow braised and served on mashed potato with a spicy mustard for more flavour.  This was really tasty and a good portion of meat for only 3 pork ribs.\n\nThe Soy Bean Cream Crab Croquette is a mouthful.  Resembling arancini balls, but stuffed with crab, there 3 little guys are filling and have more substance to them than your average crab dish.\n\nThe Tuna Carpaccio is delicious with a savoury mixture coating the fish.  A little tricky to pick up with the chop sticks, as it is chopped rather finely, but worth the effort.\n\nThe Deep Fried Prawns are quite massive and heavy on the garlic, but the spicy sauce make 'em quite a lovely plate and pretty to look at once delivered.\n\nAs the evening progresses, more and more residents of Oakville filter in.  There is a lot of bumping and jockeying for room in this narrow little space.  Conversations can be heard from basically every table.  The fake-chested table were amazed when Barbie's shorter sister came in, no less than one month after giving birth and back to her fighting weight.  A quick cat walk, a twirl and they're sat beside us.  Yaaaaay.\n\nThis is where service fell apart.  We had one more order coming and we were contemplating another round of drinks and possibly dessert.  But with all the air-kissing going on and the place getting louder and packed, the person taking our orders came back to our table after 15-20 minutes, stating that he'd forgotten to enter our last dish.  Another 20 minutes later and the special of the night Cod we'd ordered arrived.  It was incredible and naturally buttery.  Any aggressive thoughts were forgotten instantaneously.\n\n\nFood for Thought:  if you come for the special catches of the day, come early.  4 of the 6 fish specials were sold out by 7:30.  And the Blowtorch Mackerel?  It may be delicious but smells of burnt arm hair.  Maybe its just me and my wacky palette.\n\nHopefully the \"trendiness\" wears off in the passing months.  The food is quite good and staff are helpful, sincere and very knowledgeable with the menu.  It is the clientelle that I could do without.
4	My fiance and I really liked this place. Huge step up from Stonepepper Grill. Our server was very attentive and the food was quick and on point. Tried the bruschetta, chicken parm and cajun salmon. Every dish was good and the chicken parm was better than many spots in the area. The one negative was the hostesses attitudes. They seemed stressed and frustrated that they were busy at 7pm in a Friday night which should make them happy, right?
4	Wow. So surprised at the one and two star reviews!  We started with the most tender calamari. Although the marinara sauce was a bit bland, but a touch of salt made it just right. My husband had the veal with peppers and said it was so delicious and tender. The mashed potatoes were perfect. I had the salmon Diablo which was also delicious. Our salad was beautiful! Dressing was served on the salad and it was a nice amount. We ended our delicious meal with a piece of tiramisu. Our server Matt was right on!! Very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. Our appetizer, salad and entrees were timed perfectly. I love salad and did not mind that my entree was served while I was still eating it! No problem it let my dinner cool to just the right temp for me to eat it comfortably. \nI wonder sometimes if people just don't appreciate relaxing and taking time to eat a wonderful and beautifully prepared meal.  A wonderful atmosphere. So relaxing. The chairs are super comfortable too!!! We will certainly be back. \nGive it a try.  Don't  always go by the reviews. \nA bottle of Riesling, calamari app, two delicious entrees and dessert for $92! \nWell with it.
4	Came here trying a new place. Literally! Just opened two days ago and well worth it! Warmly welcomed at the front by a nice hostess, and we're told we could even have a seat in the bar. Since we were interested in the Pirates game, it worked out, they have a few TV's in the bar for such purposes. \nWe ordered our drinks; Prosecco & Malbec. Both by the glass. Our server gave us big glasses of water with out drinks so A+ there. \nThe bread came out first and it was awesome. Perfectly warmed, large slices, crunchy crusted Italian bread that tasted like it was made in house. Served with ambient temperature butter (another pet peeve of mine is ice cold butter) so A+\nThe salad came out next and was the first area where we'd recommend a little change, maybe a little larger for sharing between two. But it was flavorful, cold, and dressed just right. The fresh cracked pepper added to it so overall: B\nNext our entrees: I had the Three-Cheese Lasagna my partner had the Gambellini Fra Diavolo (sorry if I misspelled it.) they came out at just the right temperature and at the same time. I tried a bite of his dish and the Diavolo was mild, but with a \"back-of-the-throat\" heat which is perfect. So: \"A\" for his dish. My lasagna was rather impressive, and I didn't realize the recipe was total cheese lasagna, but it was delicious. The only downside would be a personal preference of a little more herbs or spice in the cheese mixture. The tomato  sauce was slightly sweet and tasted of homemade. So well worth trying! \nOverall the reason behind the 4-star review is only for the slight downsides, but again, could just be my personal preference. \nI highly recommend coming here to try it out! Great ambience and extensive menu.
2	My husband and I went to Pazzo's for dinner during restaurant week.  We were both disappointed with our entrees.  We ordered off the restaurant week menu.  We both loved the lobster bisque.  My husband's crab ravioli was not warm.  My veal romano was hard and difficult to cut and eat.  My vegetable, carrots, were also not soft enough to chew. We enjoyed the ice cream for dessert.  The waitress was very friendly and attentive.  We may try Pazzo' s for lunch, but we wish we would have chosen a different restaurant for dinner.
5	We loved our experience here tonight.  Kim was our waitress and she was great.  Our children have an allergenic disease and are very limited in what they can eat.  I also have Celiac's disease, so no gluten for me.  Our meals came out just right, they made special accommodations for the kids and even had gluten free breadsticks they could eat.  You have now become one of our new favorite restaurants.
1	This restaurant looks lovely. There are beautiful paintings on the walls. The tables are set nicely. You are greeted kindly. The servers are very nice. The decor/environment and the service is the only reason I can give one star.  It was all downhill after that. \nI say all the time that of you can't get the basics right you can't get anything beyond the basics right. So we ordered two basic dishes-fettuccine Alfredo and Spaghetti & Meatballs. We chose to skip appetizers but a family style salad was brought to out table. It included a few cucumbers, a few grape tomatoes, some purple onions and a few croutons. There salad was cold but there was nothing memorable about it. We were also served 2 slices of bread. Again, nothing that stood out. \nThe entrees were brought out while we were still eating our salad. It was awkward. When we went to eat our entrees they were room temperature. The meatballs were over cooked, dry, and didn't seem to have any seasoning. The spaghetti sauce tasted like tomatoes and not much else. I was extremely disappointed. I also tasted the fettuccine. It too lacked flavor.  The fettuccine noodles were inconsistent. Some were cooked to the correct consistency but some were hard. \nWe skipped dessert because we didn't want to take the chance of eating anything else that lacked flavor. \nIt's safe to say that there won't be a second visit.
4	Great food!  Thoroughly impressed with bolognese, manicotti, and veal.  Meatballs were soft and plenty of flavor. Sauce was a little too sweet for my liking, but still good. Service needs tightened up, but they're still new.
2	Overpriced and flavroless.  This place tries really hard to seem fancy, but falls far short.\n\nThe bread was fantastic, but it was paired with ice cold, solid butter.  The salad, as others mentiones, had very little nearly-flavorless dressing.  \n\nI had the chicken marsala ($18).  The three chicken tenders that comprised it were tender.  The sauce, however, was a mess.  It was as if they splashed some marsala wine on the plate, and then dumped the chicken onto the plate, oil and all, straight from the sautee pan.  It was sweet, watery, spotted with oil, and devoid of any kind of seasoning.  Oh, it had a few sliced mushrooms, too.  I chose pasta with white sauce for the side.  Bad move.  It was pasta tossed in plain white sauce - no cheese, no garlic, not even a bit of salt.\n\nMy wife had the shrimp scampi ($22).  It came with 4 or 5 shrimp that were actually quite big.  They weren't overcooked.  The sauce, again, was a watery mess, a bunch of butter quickly thrown together with some white wine.  The whole thing was topped with *garlic powder*.  I don't think any of it was seasoned with salt or anything else.  She chose broccoli for her side.  Aside from the bread, the broccoli was the best part of the meal.\n\nCome here if you're looking to spend $20 a plate for food that's below even Olive Garden's standards.  The service here was slow and unenthusiastic, and I'm willing to bet that none of the cooks have ever actually tasted the food they're sending out.\n\nI only gave it two stars because the food did not make me sick.
2	The perfect word for this place is: bland. \n\nI had the eggplant Parmesan, which had too much breading & was bland.\n\nAnother person in our group had the Greek pizza, which was thin & crispy & bland. \n\nOn the bright side (I guess), the kids liked their chicken fingers because, hey, kids like their food bland!
1	I can't comment on the food here because we didn't get that far. We were in a hurry on a Friday and there was an hour wait at Bonefish so we decided to try Pazzo because we wanted to since it opened. The parking lot was pretty empty and very empty inside. I guess now I know why. They seated us immediately and then nothing. We saw other waiters at other tables and people cleaning up and nobody even looked at us. It was like we were invisible. They weren't even busy. After almost 15 minutes we got up and left and my husband told the hostess we would not be coming back. I have never been ignored in a restaurant before but now, based on the reviews, I'm glad we didn't waste money on the food.
1	Save your $22+/ plate & take yourself over to Giant Eagle's Caf\u00e9. \n\nIt took over 30 minutes for the food to arrive at our table. The portions were generous, however nothing was seasoned properly. Shrimp Scampi was covered in garlic powder sitting in a bowl filled with microwaved butter. The broccoli was the best part of my meal. They were cooked to perfection. The salad that's given lacked any dressing. The dressing was bland. The beer is over priced. $9 for any craft beer. I could see if they had a 10% DuClaw on draft for Pazzo's to have a reason to charge that much.\n\nThe service is depressing. Servers don't smile here or seem enthusiastic. Perhaps it's because they feel guilty for being the poor souls to serve below average food for such a sky-high price. \n\nThe decor is nice. That's it. Now save yourself money and go to Chick-fil-A next door.
4	I don't understand the 2 star reviews. Lunch today was very good, especially the thin crust pizza and the wedding soup was superb.
2	The wedding soup was so good! After eating that I was hopeful that the reviews on here weren't accurate... I'm sorry to say that they are true! I would come back for the soup but wouldn't eat dinner here again. We came for restaurant week and the menu looked amazing but the actual food was pretty poor.
1	I completely agree with Kimberly said. BLAND CITY!!!  Hopefully my dogs will like the leftovers. But I doubt it.
1	So far all the reviews have nailed it- flavorless and cold food. Four of us sat down and ordered Cabernet. After a few minutes the waiter stopped by to have us remind him what beer we had ordered... We placed our order for food and he brought out a \"family style\" salad. Bad lettuce with a couple of poor cut onions slices. There was 4 of us and they served the table of 2 next to us the same salad. We asked for me and the snotty waiter slammed a bowl of just lettuce on the table a few minutes later. The funny part was they give you a gallon of dressing per person.. We decided that since it was the new place in town we would order a few apps so that we could try it out. But, using some caution we stuck to the basics -- Calamari and Fried Zucchini. Both were dripping grease and had zero flavor what so ever. Luckily I had lots of the Lemom Basil dressing left from my salad to give the Calamari the citrus it needed (never been served Calamari without a lemon to squeeze on top). The Zucchini was so soaked in grease none of us could eat it. They didn't clear off the table so at this point we are overloaded and there was no room for the bread that was brought to the table. Unfortunately we made room for it and it was the most stale bread I have ever had. Perhaps I was mistaken and they brough us croutons to go with our lettuce?\nI'll wrap up with the entrees. I had ordered the \"lightly breaded\" veal chop with arugala and they served a disgusting piece of veal with a heavy and burned breading. No seasoning was involved. I opted for the starch and I was hoping it would be a pasta but instead if was a bowl of red skinned potatoes that had been given a butter bath. I literally poured the butter from the top before I could even tell what they had served me. I could have used these potatoes to apply wallpaper the place--gross. My wife was served cold, undercooked pasta and shrimp without any seasoning at all. It was supposed to be \"diablo\" but zero spice . She had two bites and was done. One guest ordered a side of chicken to go with his pasta and 5 minutes after his pasta was brought out they showed up with a bowl of shredded chicken.. a literal WTF moment.. The last meal was salmon and just to wrap this up was an awful piece of fish with no flavor -- same butter drenched gross potatoes..\n\nWe were honest with the waiter when he asked how everything was but he was more interested in being condescending in between smoke breaks. The manager does not have the skill level to deal with this type of complaint. She tried to make it better by taking the chicken off of the bill and offering a free desert.. And after all of this our bill was almost $200.... what a joke. I hope the place that goes in here next is better -- shouldn't be long.
2	First time at this restaurant for my birthday dinner which was less than memorable. Our entrance less than a.warm greeting by a young blonde girl at the host stand. \"Hi, just two of you?\"not all that welcoming. Brought to our seat and was not informed of any daily specials. Was not presented a wine list but asked for one and got a not to impressive small list. Who has lambrusco on the menu? This place does. Opted for a mixed drink since wine choices were slim. Had the bruschetta. Appetizer. Nothing to write home about. Bland, no seasoning. Wife had pasta with salmon. Salmon was small tail end piece that was overcooked and dry. I had veal and peppers which was dredged in too much flour and not shaken off before sauteed. Asked for bread twice before i got three small slices that was told just came the oven, (cold). Asked for warm bread and finally got it as i was taking my last bite of veal. Also had to ask for water twice. Needless to say i had a subpar meal and terrible service. I usually give a place a second try but since both meals were average on a good day and no wine selection, we wont be back
1	My wife and i went there for the first time on Saturday night, decided to sit at the bar. We waited for 5 to 10 minutes without being acknowledged by the bartenders, even though it wasn't very busy. When a bartender walked by us without even saying hello, we decided to get a table.\n\nA waiter named Brandon took care of us, but his service was mediocre. He had to be reminded that we had ordered a second drink, the food was just warm, and not very good. (Chicken asiago and veal marsala) He never asked us if everything was ok after the food was delivered, didn't ask us if we wanted dessert or coffee, and didn't even say thank you after he returned the check after the payment was made.\n\nOverall, we were very disappointed with our experience at pazzo. We will not return or recommend it to our friends. It was overpriced for the quality of the food and service. Olive garden would be a much better value.
5	We had a great experience for dinner a few days ago! The service was wonderful and our server was very knowlegeable about the menu. I am gluten free and my daughter is egg and dairy free and she was able to guide us to the best choices. The kitchen appears to be careful about food allergies and cross contaimination. From our zucchini appitizer, family style salad, entrees and wine, everything was beautifully presented and tasted great. The courses were well paced and we had plenty of time to enjoy the warm,remodeled space with tables with white tableclothes. We will be back!
2	The parking lot is always empty which isn't a good sign. \nBut still wanted to give it a try. \nNo hostess. Waited a few minutes before the bartender came out to seat us. \nMy menu was dirty.\nMy silverware was dirty.\nGlasses spotty. \nCome on guys. If you're slow and still can't keep things clean.....?\nFood was ok, but definately didn't live up to the prices. I am in the business and it makes me sad when a new restaurant doesn't do well. \nThese little details could easily be fixed.
1	The worst dining experience I have ever had.  The food was decent, although some people in my party were unable to eat their's as it wasn't cooked thoroughly.  \n\nIt took an hour and 20 minutes for us to get our drinks.  When they first started bringing out the drinks, the waitress mentioned she had not yet placed our dinner order, which we had given her an hour before.  Someone from our group searched out the manager and found him in a back corner of the restaurant hanging out (turns out he is also the chef).  He basically ignored them.\n\nThere was much confusion, wrong drinks were brought out, not all appetizers were brought out.  At 9:00 (we got there at 6:30) we couldn't find our waitress to get our checks.  Finally at 9:30 she appeared with all single checks.  Not all checks were there, and she basically just put them on the hostess stand for us to sort through ourselves.  A member of our party had to search out the manager, who said he was just about to come over and see how our meal was.  We had no signs of him until we had to search for him.  \n\nThis was by far, the worst dining experience I've ever had.  Anytime I drive by, the parking lot is empty.   I can't imagine it will be open long.  If only the chef could back up his arrogance with his culinary skills.
1	I really don't have too much to say other than the fact that I sent my food back and decided to just grab something to eat somewhere else.  Four of us went on a Friday night and were seated almost immediately.  Ordered drinks and 23 minutes later they show up.  Dinner was bland and not even italian food...\n\nPesto should at least have pine nuts and basil right?  Mine was tortellini with olive oil and parsley.  The service was slow and even after we complained no one came over to say a word or find out what they could have done better. \n\nOh, and a kettle one martini was 12.75  For ketel one and some vermouth.  WOW.   There is no way that the mgmt cares about this place based on all the other reviews.
2	The food is very good. \nBut...... Bartender charged for a double. Should have been 6.50 but they charged 13.00. When we mentioned we didn't order a double, she said it was a computer glitch, but made no effort to reduce it. Asked for a manager, he offered to take off 4.00. Buyer beware!! They are sneaky and when they get caught, they are unapologetic.
1	If you're going to charge $16 for manicotti and a $2 up charge for the WAY too salty wedding soup, I expect more... I have no problem paying for good food and if this food had been amazing, I wouldn't even mention the cost, but it's far from that. I normally get manicotti at Italian restaurants my first time there and maybe if I'd done that, I'd like this place more, but I doubt it, since there was barely any sauce with my crab ravioli and I didn't like the flavor. I know many people like bell peppers, but I'm not a fan. If I order crab ravioli, I expect to be able to taste the crab - the consistency of the crab was also very strange - it was mushy. My dad's linguine with red clam sauce barely had any sauce and the sauce that was there was SUPER runny - it looked more like died white clam sauce than red clam sauce. At least they used real clams, but neither of us were impressed. I wish Stone Pepper Grill hadn't closed.\n\nI'm REALLY not a fan of the Olive Garden, since there are so many better Italian places, but I think the food is better there, you get more, and it's certainly not as pricey... Of course, there are many much BETTER Italian restaurants than that (like Pasta Too, etc.), but if I'm saying the Olive Garden is a better choice, you know the food was not very good.\n\nA couple more thing I forgot to mention in my review... I had to practically beg for parmesan cheese and what I got wasn't fresh or even nicely grated from a container... It was the same kind of parmesan I have at home (though probably not even Kraft... ha ha ha...) it was in a dish and they spooned it on for me. I didn't even get any to go with my soup, since I didn't want to ask for it then. No cheese was EVER offered.\n\nThey seem to turn their air conditioning completely off instead of down when the restaurant is closed, so it was INSANELY HOT in the restaurant until we were almost ready to leave (we went there for an early dinner, since I met my dad right after work to avoid traffic). Someone should explain to them that this actually costs them MORE money and it makes guests uncomfortable, so it's bad on all fronts. \n\nAVOID this place at all costs. Here's hoping they don't last long so a better restaurant can open there.
1	Review is based on service and bar only - did not order food. \n\nPlace was empty on Friday night. First warning sign.  My wife and I sat at the bar to order drinks and contemplate dessert. It was ten minutes before our order was taken. Second sign. Drinks were poured, took five minutes to find a lime for my wife's drink. Third sign. \n\nWe decided to skip dessert. We could tell as we looked around, wait staff was poorly trained and disorganized. This place needs help. Beautiful interior, and like I said - did not try the food. But with the number of good Italian places in Pittsburgh, come on - need to up your game!
5	You're not going to find Nihari and Biryani at this spot. It's American food made with a \"desi\" twist. \n\nStepping into this place, it's an enigma wrapped in an enigma. Sholay isn't heavily advertised in your face so you don't know what to expect. \n\nThe restaurant name brings memories of the legendary movie and elite characters. Come on. Don't tell me you can't hear Amjad Khan's voice :) \n\nEnough of me being Basanti . The place has: a large poster of Shah Rukh Khan, a pic of the Dalai Lama , and generic scenery pics. As you walk in you are promptly greeted by two American white people. The instinct as a desi is to run away but please resist this urge. \n\nYou find out the staff, are owners and chefs who love desi food. The \"white dude\" who is their head chef, couldn't be more \"desi\" when it comes to spices and food. \n\nLoved the chicken wings and chicken kabob here. \n\nOnly con: they are only open till 7pm.
4	Not sure why my lamb kabob meal took so long to be ready, but I overheard something about the rice still cooking, and this was at peak lunch hour (noon)! My only complaint (almost 20 minutes for one to-go order with only 2 or 3 other customers at the time) was the waiting, but the employees were nice and made sure to let me know that I wasn't forgotten.  The shish kabobs were tender and savory, and their balsamic vinaigrette for my salad was the best I've ever had!!!  The saffron rice was also delicious even though it appeared to be the item that was delaying my order.   I should've called ahead, but next time, I want to try their lamb burgers...  Limited menu but top quality ingredients, yummm!\n\n3/12/14\nI returned there after work to pick up my lamb burger and side salad to go.  The ground lamb meat was indeed tasty, but I was disappointed by the smallish size compared to the bun.  I'll stick with the kabobs and rice in the future.  I was told by the nice man behind the counter that they'll be expanding the Indian portion of the menu in a few months so here's hoping they add samosas!
5	Their burgers are so juicy and flavorful. Also greatly priced, and did I mention the burgers! I only tried a beef burger but the chicken looked so good! Te service was great with friendly staff. Definitely must try again!
5	Fresh food... exotic flavors.  Their tag line says it all!  I ordered the beef kabob on the recommendation of Phil, the owner, and I was not disappointed at all.  The halal meat was moist and spiced just right... absolutely delicious!  The basmati rice was also spiced in a subtle way that complemented the meat.  He brought me a sample of the rice pudding, and it was very good, along with the mango yogurt smoothie, which would be a refreshing drink come the hot days of summer.  I cannot wait to go back and try some of the other items that other Yelpers have raved about!
4	The friendliest worker ever works here. I think he is the owner, or just a very friendly man. Every time my boyfriend and I come here we get free stuff. Last time it was dessert, the other time it was mango lassi. The food is good and decent pricing. Sure, it's not the most glamorous presentations, but it is good for someone who is very hungry.\n\nThis place just opened up like a 3 months ago, so they are pretty eager to get customers in.
5	Absolutely #Loving this place is. Scottish Mussels w/garlic, shallots, cream wow! Pan fried cod w/ asparagus, languostinemushroom sauce on a bed of creamy mashed potatoes #ToDieFor #KidFriendly - so welcoming to kids even later night! Ps side salad so fresh and tasty lots of feta and the mushroom pate appetizer #FAbulous
5	Went here for dinner with my mom on a one night stay in Edinburgh. We shared the mussels in shallots and cream sauce and they were delicious. Very generous portion. Had to ask for bread to sop up the sauce. \nFor the main course I had the Roasted Seafood and my mother had the rump steak (can't remember the other name for it). Both were excellent. Steak was perfectly done and the seafood was fresh and plentiful. Definitely recommend it, just sorry this will likely be my only time there.
5	Popped in to meet a friend for lunch.  Looked very ordinary on the outside, but the food was top notch.   My husband had the best steak he's had this trip here.  Cooked perfectly and delicious!!  I had a seafood curry that was also fantastic. Friendly, helpful waitstaff.  Great experience.
4	Mouth is watering at the thought, this was the best meal I have had in a very long time, staff were pleasant enough. Muscles were huge, so tasty and very well cooked, the basket of bread was replaced a few times. Will be back soon :)
4	Altro ottimo ristorante situato a 20 metri dalla piazza Grassmarket,livello alto di cucina sia di pesce che di carne!\nOttime cozze e pesci arrosto,buonissime ostriche scozzesi e deliziose bistecche di angus!\nPer concludere dolci ben fatti preparati da loro!!!!\nServizio gentilissimo curato e giovanile!\nSaluti Luca!
4	This place is really good, but a little pricy I think. Although they do have some drink specials and a pot of mussels for about 13-15 pounds. But once you start ordering appetizers or any of the other entrees, it can get pretty pricey pretty fast. I didn't think the mussels were anything out of the ordinary really -- and I was surprised to find cilantro all over mine (usually it's parsley when you order a shallot, butter, and white wine sauce). This wasn't on the menu so I had to try and pick the cilantro out. The one must-order here though I would say is the grilled scallops with butter appetizer. It's juicy, buttery, slightly sweet scallops on the shell -- and probably my favorite thing here.
5	Perfekt, man kann drau?en sitzen und das direkt am gut frequentierten Grassmarkt.\nLecker Fisch und Fleischgerichte, also rein mit dem Surf & Turf
5	I ordered mussels with ginger/lime sauce and they were the best I have ever eaten. For \uffe112.50, the portion was huge (may be 30 or more) and the sauce was more like soup at the bottom. It was spicy and delicious.
4	it's been a while since I've posted anything to yelp - but I noticed a distinct lack of available info during my travels to Scotland and Ireland, so here goes\n\nThis place is located at the (end of the) Grassmarket in Edinburgh - from what the guide books tell me, it would have had a great view of all the hangings (puir man got hangit) that took place there.\nThe inside is modest but nice and aside from the somewhat crabbit (maybe German?) bartender, the service was just fine.  We split a bucket of mussels (shallot cream white wine sauce) and I had an 8oz ribeye - the husband had something weird like pasta.  The mussels were the best I've had in my life, truly amazing, and the steak, skinny little thing that it was, was delicious also.  The quality of the local beef and seafood spoke volumes - no extravagant preparations or sauces required.\n\nHighly recommend.
4	I went to The Mussel and Steak Bar after a date at the nearby BrewDog. The date was going well (oh la la) so he suggested stopping by this place for dinner. It was a Friday around 730 and we didn't have reservations, but we were able to be seated for a table for two. The manager was cheeky and ribbed my date a little bit for pretending to look in the reservation book to pretend to be someone else, which was very amusing. We were able to sit upstairs and I thought the place had lovely ambience. \n\nWe started with some fried goat cheese balls and garlic grilled mussels. Honestly, I'm not a huge fan of mussels but I thought \"When in Rome!\" and tried them. They were really tasty, but I'm not sure garlic was the best date choice! Anyway, for my main I had a special fried plaice with black pudding mash that was extremely tasty. My date had a steak that he enjoyed. Topped off with a nice glass of house white and I was a happy camper. I will definitely come back to The Mussel and Steak for another nice dinner in the future when I'm in the area, which of course I will be because I do love BrewDog...
5	The best surf and turf I have ever had. \n\nI stumbled upon this place by accident during a day trip to Edinburgh. It was during Scotland's unexpected (and sorely missed) heatwave so we sat outside - a rare treat in our climate. We were the first diners when we sat down but by the time we left the place was full and there was a great vibe. \n\nNow to the food. Me and my dad both opted for the same thing - the surf and turf. This consists of a Rib Eye Steak served with half a kilogram of mussels cooked in your choice of sauce, crevettes and squid rings. Being a big fan of Asian flavours I opted for the chilli, ginger and lime sauce. We also ordered some buttered new potatoes on the side to add some carbohydrate to all the protein.\n\nWhen the dish arrived it was amazing. Perfectly cooked steak (medium-rare for me) sitting on a mountain of seafood - not many things could look so appealing. All the seafood was full of flavour, the sauce had just enough heat and the Corona with lime just added to an amazing meal.\n\nNext time I'm in Edinburgh I will definitely be making a return here (I hope the heatwave will too).
4	I went there for a casual lunch date with my SO. It is lovely. They have a pretty reasonable lunch and even dinner deal if you want to fine dine on a budget. \n\nI had the steak and it was great! So good and nicely flavored and cooked just right. The mussels are great! They have a Thai inspired flavor which is not bad if you want something different. \n\nI do recommend getting the French fries fries in beef jus. It's good and so much better than their plain potatoes.
5	I'd recommend any seafood lover to go to the Mussels and Steaks Bar.  Excellent food, great service and located in a bustling part of town. The decor is basic but the great tasting fresh food and friendly service more then made up for it.  \n\nAll the food was fresh, vibrant and flavorful.  Our group tried the seafood platter, the special lobster dish, curry mussels and the surf and turf combinations.  No one had a complaint about any of the dishes.  The best part was the double fried chips in drippings.
4	Heerlijk gegeten. In eerste instantie lijkt het wat klein maar boven zijn ook nog plaatsen. Het vlees is heerlijk en de mosselen ook. De wijnkaart is mooi en compleet en zelfs de whisky liefhebber kan hier uit de voeten. Een aanrader.
4	This is a gem in an otherwise touristy Grassmarket. This place has fantastic food, Oysters, Fish, Steak, and plenty of other options. But the specialty has to be the mussels. Choose a mussel pot and have it in any of five ways to suit your palate and mood, just take your pick. Depending on how hungry you are choose a full three course, or share a divine starter and dessert. All this with great service, good price and fresh atmosphere.
4	Fantastic seafood, with a wide menu selection. Staff are friendly, eager to please and not afraid to make an honest recommendation or suggestion. The restaurant is generally busy, mostly down to it's great reputation and location. The prices are reasonable given the quality and quantity. Also great at dealing with larger groups of dinners so a good place to book a special family meal
5	I come here. A lot. Either with my mum or with friends (usually to celebrate a birthday) this has become a personal favourite eating place. \n\nFirstly, it does good food- whether you are into seafood or meat. You get to watch your food being cooked on a screen (which is slightly odd) and I love the layout of the ground floor- quite modern without over doing it. Look out for the fun facts about mussels in the toilets.\n\nThe service has always been super friendly at this place. Being in such a prime location I was expecting shocking prices but I was pleasantly surprised. They have amazing lunch deals and I have never walked out of this place hungry.\n\nSadly they only have one vegetarian option as far as mains courses go. Also, in the winter the upstairs floor tends to get really warm. \n\nAside of these hitches Mussels and Steak Bar is a good standard for me.
5	AMAZING! Went at tea time on Monday night and couldnt have left fuller or happier :) Waiting staff are very very attentive and friendly. I had smoked salmon salad for starters and mussels in white wine and garlic for main and it was superb. It is a wee bit more expensive than other places but I would say its definately worth it. Food served very fast as well.
5	Everybody in my family likes something different. My Dad likes Italian, my Mum French, myself Indian and my sister Chinese. The problems it causes when we each want our restaurant to provide something different. As a comprimise, we often decide that a restaurant serving British food is the best option - but then its time for the real battle to begin. Light and fresh sea food or good and hearty steaks?\n\nIt seems then that I should introduce them to Mussels and Steak Bar - which, as you would expect, serves Mussels and Steak.\n\nIts no secret in the restaurant that the produce is local (or at least Scottish) and the ingenious menu combines seafood and heavy meats in brilliantly tasty ways. The sauces used are outstanding, if a bit 'out there' and incredably mouthwatering (In fact my mouth is watering as I type).\n\nThe restaurant itself is simple and practicle - and despite the annoying big screen TV's - has a seaside town feel to it,matching the down to earth cooking style. The staff are friendly and helpful, while the bar offers a large range of drinks.\n\nSo there you have it, a restaurant which can cater for all appitites and in a mouthwateringly excellent way.
4	We were in for the Edinburgh Festival and saw our favorite tapas place replaced by Mussels and Steak. \n\nThe atmosphere looked a little cold and modern but the menu was interesting. \n\nIn a word, the mussels were terrific! We tried the bacon and cream. Plump mussels, huge pot, delicious.\n\nOur scallop starter was equally good. The steak was fine but next time we are just doing mussels. This is really their thing.\n\nNot five stars as they just opened (second location) and fumbled a bit with forgetfulness and delays.\n\nThe staff and owner were very friendly and apologetic. Highly recommended\n .
4	I must say the name of this restaurant is straight to the point and those two things are exactly what my friend and I ordered. The steak was alright, I've definitely had better, but I will say that the mussels were pretty damn good. Very flavorful and piping hot when they arrived at the table. They weren't as good as the ones I had in Belgium, but they definitely weren't bad, and there was also plenty to share for two people. The restaurant itself isn't all that fancy but their service is. They make sure you're taken care of throughout the entire meal. \n\nOh, you must get the Banoffee Pie. What's better than Banana + Toffee + Graham Cracker Crust. Absolutely nothing. It's heaven in your mouth.
5	I don't like mussels.  They are too strong and too fishy! Don't care for the smell and don't care for them in soups or stews.  Until now I would have told you that I'd rather eat rattlesnake.  Appearantly in Scottland, there is an entirely different species of mussels.\n\nWe stopped in at the Mussel and Steak Bar for dinner before walking up to the castle for the 10:30 Tattoo.  Our travel mate ordered the mussel starter.  It arrived with green sauce on it.  OMG, it smelled amazing.  So much so that I had to taste it.  The little mussels were tender and steamed to perfection with a light pesto sauce driselled over them.  It is such a great combination!\n\nI had the surf and turf for dinner.  The mussels were done in white wine and garlic and the ribeye steak was tender, juicey and cooked exactly as I ordered it. All four of us agreed that our meals were delightful.  The price was not out of line.  Service was spot on.
4	I went here recently for a colleague's leaving lunch. There were 8 of us in our group & it was quite busy. \n\nWe ordered from the lunch menu - 1 course \uffe17.95, 2 courses \uffe19.95 or 3 courses \uffe111.95.\n\nMost of the group ordered starters & the haggis dish was the most popular. \n\nI saved myself for the 6oz rump steak which was awesome. The chips were chunky & crispy, just how I like them & the mushrooms were earthy & full of flavour. My steak was perfectly cooked, moist & melt in the mouth. \n\nA colleague had the seafood curry. It was full of enormous mussels & other fishy delights. It smelled amazing & he said it was the best fish curry he's had. The only problem being that it took so long to arrive he didn't have time to finish it before having to get back to work.\n\nUnfortunately the service was slow and I we all had to skip dessert & coffee as we needed to get back to the office (despite being there over 90 mins).\n\nA lovely lunch with great food & company. It was a shame the slow service meant it was a wee bit stressful. The front of house staff were lovely maybe they just need another pair of hands in the kitchen.
4	On our last day in Edinburgh, I still hadn't tried Haggis.  And I really wanted to try it.  The waitresses we excited to watch me try it for the first time, they were chatty but not overly.  They were attentive, but not overly.  I had a good time, but next time I'd like to take my time and order more and stay longer.
5	An excellent experience - all of the food was of a high quality, as was the service..\n\nWhether it was scallops, mussels, oysters or plaice, the seafood was first class and as fresh as the sea itself.\n\nSteaks were also delicious, both ribeye and sirloin.\n\nThe wine choices worked well with the food and the choice of whiskies suited our need to try something different. \n\nStaff were terrific. Attentive, friendly and showing real concern for our table.\n\nWe will be back.
5	I went here for the langoustines, and they did not disappoint.  They were nicely cooked and flavored with garlic butter.  The main course of mussels came with at least 30, and they were delicious as well (we had the chili seasoning). Others in our group had steaks that were nicely cooked (medium rare) and tasty--great chips, too. Our waiter was a bit casual with the service, but the other wait staff picked up the slack.  Overall, it was an excellent Edinburgh meal, with ingredients that featured the best that Scotland has to offer.
5	Very easy to find. Seafood place with reasonable price. We enjoyed both the mussel and steak :)
5	One of the best spots for seafood in Edinburgh, and one of my favorite restaurants in the world. \n\nLocated just across the street from a longer strip of restaurants and pubs in the Grassmarket, it would be possible to pass the Mussels Steak Bar without giving it a second thought. That would be a huge mistake.\n\nI've made about 12 trips here for lunch and dinner, and every time I've always been greeted by an unbelievably friendly waiter or waitress. They start you off with some of the best crusty bread and softest whipped butter you'll ever taste, and they are happy to replenish it many times over.\n\nMy favorite way to start a meal is with a kilo pot of their mussels, which are all ridiculously fresh and delicious, particularly with the white wine, shallots, garlic and cream sauce. Both the steaks and the seafood pasta (with loads of mussels, scallops, prawns, and calamari) are excellent main courses, and their fries with 'beef dripping' are some of the best I've ever tasted. Their wine list is not huge but offers good selection at reasonable prices. \n\nThe meal can definitely run on the pricey end depending on the conversion rate (if you're an American) but I have never walked out of this place unsatisfied. Highly, highly recommended!
4	Great steak, great mussels, and great cocktails. Fun vibe in a great neighborhood. Get the chips fried in beef drippings.
4	Service was excellent!! The server was very attentive & accommodating. No one rushed or hurried us out even though we were the last to leave that night. Make reservations in advance if possible. \nThe Mussels were not bad although I had to order bread as it didn't come with bread. The scallops & bacon appetizer was a delicious combination. Yum! The Surf & Turf lobster tail & braised beef was my favorite entree and a big portion. The sirloin steak w/carrots & cauliflower was great. However, the mashed potatoes were not that flavorful. \nDessert - the chocolate mouse was good but the chocolate hazelnut (special of the day) was amazing! Must order this if you get the chance.
5	Came for a late lunch and enjoyed great food, friendly service, and an overall excellent value. I recommend it.
5	Our meal was stupendous! Got the surf and turf. Ribeye steak was juicy and cooked perfectly. The mussels were cooked in a whisky, bacon and cream sauce. OMG! Unbelievably delectable. Portion sizes were enormous. Smoked salmon duo for appetizer was just as good as the main course. Overall one of the best meals we had in Edinburgh.
5	Wow. This place was Sooooo good.  Oysters rib eye and cheesecake were all incredible. The side of mushrooms were also very good. The prices are great for what you get.
4	Fantastic location but very small on the inside, can be a long wait.  The seafood was only slightly above average in freshness and quality, and small portions, so had to knock off one star.
5	Wonderful steak, wonderful mussels, great value!\n\n\n A great place for meat and fish lovers like me - I highly recommend.\n\n\n Ess
4	The other reviews are  surprising. The first surprise is that a reviewer is surprised to find that Scotland, the north part of Great Britain (a well known island), has decent seafood. The second, and more disturbing, is the complaint that a restaurant with the name \"Mussel and Steak Bar\" has a fairly short menu. One might have thought, nay expected, that the menu would be mainly ...\n\nOn a positive note, what I can say is that they provide first class food. What they say they do they do well. The steaks, in my experience, are meltingly tender. The chips (US: french fries) cooked in beef dripping are crisp and moreish.\n\nThe restaurant is good value because not a  morsel will be left on the plates.
4	Stopped for lunch and we weren't disappointed.   It was fantastic.  My wife had the mussel special and I had the hot seafood platter.  I watched them deliver a few of the Tomahawk specials and they looked incredible.  My only disappointment was that the hot seafood platter was mostly mussels and not very varied but still well done.   The outside look of this place does not represent the quality inside.  Service was great.
5	Stumbled upon this gem. An easy wLk off the Royal mile and below the castle.\nThe mussels were tasty and the scallops were terrific.\nThe cost was reasonable and the service was excellent.
4	I never fail to enjoy a good feed at the Mussel and Steak Bar. Pot of mussels with white wine and garlic sauce does the job perfectly. The ambience is pleasant, but it's better to sit downstairs as the upstairs bit feels a bit empty and lonely I think. \n\nFood is generally lovely. Staff are generally lovely. Place is generally lovely. Go!
5	Always amazing food and service. Love their chicken Parm sandwich. Their blizzards are awesome too.
1	This place is literally the worst. Hopefully the got rid of the awful management, because the owner is actually sort of nice. I ordered ice cream and just got a sloppy mess and no apology.
4	I love this location! The staff is very friendly and helpful. Also, you just can't beat the $5 meal special.
2	Wished it was better..\nAfter watching man vs. food I decided to stop by, d\u00e9cor was not that homey and welcoming, and the neighborhood was bad, but nothing I haven't been around before.  The ribs were very fatty and grisly, it was disappointing and I didn't get enough sauce and when I asked for a little more they wanted to charge me, the coleslaw was awesome!  I noticed a hair in my food and it turned me off to the rest of it, so i threw it away , I wont be returning...\nsorry guys
4	Decor and service leave much to be desired, but the food is worthy of 4.5 stars.\nI've eaten at both locations several times now over the past year, since moving from San Diego, and I think the food is very good.  The fried chicken and Polish Boy in particular are awesome.  The ribs are just average. good sauce, but not super tender and have not been smoked enough for my taste.
5	My husband and I ate here tonight for the first time and it will NOT be our last! The fried chicken is best I've ever had  and my ppl are from South Carolina! His sauce is very very good! And the owner was very hospitable and spoke to us about the  history of this famous restaurant. They will be taping on Rachel Ray's show next week! Kudos y'all!
2	Don't believe the hype. Nooooo! \n\nIn the Cleveland area, there's an endless supply of small, unique eateries that take the time to create and serve unique, tasteful, hand-crafted items with flavor. Hot Sauce Williams has created a great commodity in his BBQ sauce, however, ruins the spirit of Cleveland goodies by serving it over generic, tasteless, frozen bag items. \n\nGranted, my review is based off a Polish Boy sandwich combo. I haven't tried anything else and after trying the combo, I most likely won't make my way back to try anything else. \n\nG Love sang about it, so it can't be that bad, can it? Can the creator of such gems as 'Cold Beverages' and 'Milk and Cereal' really steer me in the wrong direction? He did, however, I'll forgive him with a listening of 'Baby's Got Sauce' (pun intended?). \n\nThe fries are actually store-bought Ore-Ida brand fries. I can remember being served those with dinner when I was a lad in the late 1980s. They are perfectly tasteless. The sauce drenches over them, adding taste, but it just seems incredibly lazy to take something I can easily buy in the store, increase the price, and serve it to customers.  \n\nThe buns are of exactly the same nature - walk in to any grocery store and purchase the cheapest hot dog buns they have - you'd be getting exactly what is served. \n\nThe sausage wasn't bad, had some taste and was of average size (I'd throw in a 'that's what she said,' but that phrase is so overused, I'll let it be). \n\nIt isn't terrible, but to be honest, without the sauce, there's no way Hot Sauce Williams would still be in business after all these years. The cute nickname helps, I'm guessing. I'm guessing a lot of people wouldn't keep returning to a \"Mr. Williams Barbecue Restaurant\" - so I guess the gimmick is working. Plus, it'd be totally cool of Williams decided to sponsor a MMA fighter, just so there'd be a fighter with the 'Hot Sauce' nickname. \n\nThe service is, well, non-existent. I asked for 'slaw on the side, and when I received my meal, my 'slaw was in the middle, which made the bun and accompanying fries soggy on the center and sides - they fell apart upon contact. The 'slaw is mostly liquid. I was reduced to eating a weird liquid mixture of Ore-Ida fries, juicy 'slaw, BBQ sauce and bread. \n\nSort of weird, they also give out cans of soda instead of fountain drinks. \n\nI'd buy a bottle of the sauce and use that at home, but I really wouldn't suggest eating here unless you're interested in a bland, sloppy mess of stuff you can grab at the nearest Piggly Wiggly (which, for Northerners, is probably pretty far away, so I'd have no clue why you'd travel that far to grab those simple ingredients).
1	Sauce spicy and blan absolutely no flavor the decor screams dont eat here plus the entire staff is moody not to mention chicken wings are 1.50 a piece a true rip off!
5	Seti's truck wasn't around so we decided to head to a restaurant with polish boys that didn't have wheels. I'm really glad we did that - the combo of the polish...girl...was delicious!  It had the added pulled pork on it, the combo of flavors, perfect.  \n\nWhat the fam really loved was that sauce.  I'll probably never be in Cleveland again, but I'll dream of that sauce.  We got the fried chicken, stuck the sauce on the side...but I can see why people just have it drenching that chicken.  Glad we did get it on the side, though, since it was glorious to dip everything into it.  Almost ordered another fries just as a vehicle for the hot sauce.
1	The location on 79th Carnegie, is a hot ghetto mess. I am ashamed of what the establishment has turned into. Maybe I'll try out superior or Lee rd.
2	Let me just start by saying that this place did not live up to the Man V. Food hype. I think I have been to better buffets before.\n\nTerrible customer service earned them one out five stars. Extremely rude and inconsiderate server. Took us ten minutes to place our order when at the front of the line. She decided to have side conversations while we were still ordering.\n\nFood: I ordered the Polish Boy and Dark Meat Chicken. \n\nPolish Boy: Polish Sausage, Coleslaw, Fries, and BBQ sauce on a bun. It was drenched in sauce, making the bun soggy. It was not bad but was not all that. The sauce is not very good for BBQ. It is runny like Open Pit and has a little zing to it. Adam Richman was high when he said this sauce was incredible.\n\nChicken: Very good chicken, dark meat. The breading was very crispy and the meat was juicy. I enjoyed this part of the meal.\n\nOverall, I would not return. No place should treat their guests with such arrogance and ineptness. I think I would rather take my money to Popeye's, its most comparable match.
4	I love Hot Sauce Wiliams. Well, I love their food. Their service is very hit or miss.\n\nThough HSW is a bbq joint, I don't think it's necessarily their strongest point. The bbq sauce is really fantastic. The ribs and pulled pork are really good, but not really great. Granted, that's really comparing to at-home bbq using a smoker. When it comes to restaurants, you will be hard pressed to find better bbq in NE Ohio. And it's definitely better than other Ohio bbq chains like Carolina BBQ and City BBQ. \n\nWhere HSW really shines is their fried chicken and Po Boy and Po Girl. The fried chicken is easily some of the best fried chicken I've ever had - crisp skin, cooked to perfect doneness. But if you go to HSW, be sure to get a Po Boy or Po Girl. What's the exact difference? I don't remember. The better one is the one with a hot sausage in a bun topped with pork shoulder, french fries, coleslaw, and french fries (I think that's the po girl). I cannot eat it with my hands, because it falls apart. If you can eat it without utensils, then give yourself 100 extra Man Points (c). Unfortunately, I dont get to make it to HSW very often, so I've not been able to try their fried fish or several other foods.\n\nFor drinks, they have soda machines and HUGs (kool aid in a tiny barel). Last time I was there, they didn't have a soda machine, so no free refills, which is a bummer\n\nThough I love the food and their pink & blue color scheme outside, I think they only hire terrible people to work the registers. I've literally never eaten there and experienced a cashier that wasn't rude. They not only seemed to hate me on a personal level, but were offended by my audacity of ordering food there. With that being said, the cooks and individuals handing out the food have always been very sweet and friendly. Also, there was an employee my first visit there who helped me open a stuck bathroom door, and he was really great. I'm confused as to why the cashiers have been awful. Granted, I haven't been to HSW in well over a year since I moved out of state, so perhaps their cashiers are less butthurt now.\n\nIf I remember correctly, all locations are not places you want to be late and night by yourself with obvious fistfuls of cash (if ya catch my drift), so if you're an easily scared white person, go for lunch. Also, they used to only accept cash - not sure if that's changed.\n\nIf you're looking for a local restaurant and would like some soul food or bbq, I very highly recommend HSW. Also, the Carnegie location is right down the road from the Cleveland Clinic main campus. So, if you have an appointment with your cardiologist or nutritionist or whatever, you may as well stop by for some lunchtime fried perch and peach cobbler after your appointment.
2	The food was okay. The wings and fries were not that fresh and very little chicken came on the bone. The sauce was ok. I like Open Pit Bar B Que's (Cleveland, OH) sauce better because it's sweeter. I tried this because it was on the travel channel. It really wasn't that good. I like Harold's Chicken Shack in Atlanta and Chicago way better when it comes to chicken and sauce.
4	Best fried chicken out there. Skip the hot sauce, it isn't hot, and is frankly pretty disgusting. The various sides on offer are mediocre. There is a high likelihood of there being no food in the restaurant, especially later in the day, so call before going. Seems like it's takeout only in spite of having a large restaurant space.
5	1st time visitor. Portions were great and the personable service really gave it that home feel. Had the Rib Tip....my oh my, shut my mouth.  What was that devine creation?  Go get you some now! Good food + nice price = great atomphsere.  Enjoyed learning their history via the cook during her lunch break. You know if Samuel Jackson and Charlie Sheen dine there it's gotta be good.
4	Despite being slathered in their sauce, this fried chicken surprisingly maintains its crispiness and isn't the least bit overpowered by the flavors of the sauce. Actually, the sauce compliments the chicken so well that it had me asking for more- I even bought a bottle of their original sauce for the road since we were just visiting Cleveland.\nOf the two sides that were ordered, the mac n cheese tastes similar to a homemade baked dish packed with cheesy goodness. The fried okra was decent, but was coated in so much batter that I could barely taste the okra.\nIn addition to the good food, the service is also worth mentioning- everyone behind the counter was hospitable and made for a great first visit to Hot Sauce Williams
1	I can't remember the last time I ate here because it has been that long. Well it will be my last... The menu on Yelp quotes one price so a slab dinner 19.95 when I pick up my food it's $29. The girl at the register rude even when you call in to order  tone very dry... Food over I should have saved myself the trouble and gas and just pulled out my own grill!
5	I'm going to keep my review short and sweet! \n\nPolish Boy and the wings, OFF THE CHAIN!\n\nNuff siad!
4	Hot Sauce Williams is a Cleveland tradition! I will always stop here for the fries with sauce!
5	hot sauce williams is amazing, but it is certainly not a place to go for a low calorie meal. fried chicken, st. louis style ribs, mac n cheese, sweet potato pie, etc. it's all awesome. the fried chicken is done perfectly! my mouth waters just thinking of this place. its a simple place, you order from a counter and can either take your food to go or eat it there. all that matters is the food is killer!
2	I've been going to Hot Sauce Williams for the past 15 years and this place is going down hill big time!  The service continues to get worse and the attitude of the workers is piss poor.  They ignore you and can be very rude as well.  Also, the place is very dirty and I would love to see the health inspection report.  \n\nI will admit there Sauce is some of the best I have ever had.  The wings are just not as good as they used too, but the Polish Boy is still very good.  The Mac n Cheese is very overrated and DO NOT ORDER THE RIBS.  They are like chowing down on a gristled piece of fat and that has the texture of rubber.  My friend tossed them away they were so bad.  \n\nVery sad to see an Cleveland Institution goes down the tubes like this and hope they can improve but that's the last they have seen of my business.  \n\nP.S-Don't even bother going through the drive thru unless you have 20 mins to spare, no joke.
2	My girlfriend and I been dying to try this place for sometime, but never found the motivation to go until we saw the Anthony Bourdain episode when he was in Cleveland. We ordered the Family Meal (Full Slab, 8 Pcs of Chicken and 2 sides). When we ordered most of the sides were not available so our choices were limited.  I've seen their slogan around town \"Voted #1 for Ribs\" so we were excited, but after taking our first bite into those saucy ribs, we looked at each other and said \"meh\" as we have had better. The chicken on the other hand, drenched in BBQ sauce, was interesting. It was saucy yet crispy so it was an interesting dish, we probably favor the chicken over the ribs. The family meal is large so make sure you have plenty of mouths to feed, as for us we'll need to hit the gym for the next several days to burn off the calories we just packed on.
1	Worst food I've ever had the laziest service. We ended up throwing 35 dollars in the trash. If you like getting sick or experience all time lows check this place out!
4	Hot Sauce Williams is a Cleveland institution... Put in other words- you have to try this place at least once. \n\nThe sauce isn't for everyone. It's a vinegar based sauce with a little heat to it. I absolutely LOVE it but I know others who prefer a thicker sauce. I normally go with the 2 piece all white dinner with the sauce on everything. The fried chicken is some of the best in Cleveland. The fries, slaw and bread are all solid and for what you pay ($6.99 for my meal) you get a ton of food. The inside of the restaurant is very old school-- definitely not a place for suits and ties. It has a drive thru which is super convenient, especially considering the area it is in.
2	My good friend, a native Clevelander, described this spot as a Cleveland staple. In town for a Cavs game & we gave it a try! \n\nMy BF & friend had the pork shoulder & it looked great. They loved it, I tried it & wished I ordered it. It's on white bread & looks a little mysterious but it's delish. I ordered the chicken ...I waited....& waited for this stupid chicken. My friends & BF were done eating by the time I got my chicken *sigh* not cool. Luckily I got my sides first which were mac n cheese (dry and tasteless) and greens (ok). I was so excited for this place & what a bummer. The chicken was juicy but had no flavor. I am a white girl that grew up in Pittsburgh, I'm not asking for much in terms of flavor but my God this was tasteless. \n\nLet's touch on the location, def off the beaten path. I felt as if I were at a fire hall. The decor reminded me of a low budget bridal shower. It's positively outdated which is fine, it's a dive. I wish the food made up for the detoured drive, long wait & weird set up.
2	The polish girl was good overall but the sauce was a little too sweet for my taste. The fried chicken was also a plus.
4	I have been going here for at long time and its one of few places I can overlook bad service because I love the food. The wings are great, best wings in Cleveland but the best offering from here is the barbeque sauce. Better service and it would be 5 stars.
4	I like to do Man vs. Food tours whenever I visit a city for work, and while planning for Cleveland, Hot Sauce Williams and their Polish Boy definitely made it onto my list of must eats. Man oh man, it did not disappoint. That Polish Boy is AMAZING. I'm a huge fan of your typical hotdog with coleslaw, not so much hot sauce or putting fries on things. But I'm telling you, this thing is spot on! The hot sauce wasn't too hot, the fries melded together with everything else in a special and tasty way, and the slaw and kielbasa were delicious. You have to try it if you get the chance. No wonder it's a signature Cleveland food. \n\nI did do the drive thru (after reading other reviews this white girl didn't want to risk going inside by herself late on a Saturday night) but didn't have any issue with a long wait - maybe 3 minutes tops. Glad there were no harassing panhandlers around either. I was bummed they were out of banana pudding but the strawberry cheesecake was ok. \n\nBottom line: go get yourself a Polish Boy!
1	All I can say is that both the food and the restaurant were completely disgusting. The pork shoulder tasted like it was two weeks old and reheated in a microwave. Their fries were cold and mushy. The cole slaw was the only edible thing they gave me. The whole meal was so bad I threw it in garbage after two bites. To go along with the terrible food the inside of the restaurant was dirty and had a strange smell. It's probably not necessary to say, but I will never set foot in Hot Sauce Williams again.
4	Hot Sauce Williams takes the best BBQ in Cleveland in my option. The home made mac and cheese is astonishing. The chicken is drenched in sauce and you just have to saver the flavor. I love to lick my fingers clean to finish off my meal.
4	The chicken isn't what makes this place great.  It's good but it becomes something different entirely when you smother it in the signature sweet, juicy sauce.  My God, I'd smother my limbs in this and eat my own arms.  It's that good.  Get that and some of the mac n cheese and you're in heart attack heaven.  But it's so good you won't care!  Also, all this crap about \"Oh i might get shot\" or \"Don't venture here at night\".  This is Cleveland, kids.  It's rough.  But I'd rather venture into a rough neighborhood than spend my time kickin' it at Applebee's in the safety and comfort of some designed suburb eating crap ass Jack Daniel glazed \"riblets.\"  Do yourself a favor, venture out of your comfort zone and get some good chicken...and extra sauce  You'll be super happy you did.
4	This is probably going to be one of my favorite places that I stopped at on my cross-country trip...thanks yelpers for letting me know it's worth going to the shadier part of cleveland (which isn't THAT bad) to get my grub on.\n\nThe two things you have to get when you go to this joint are the macaroni and cheese (my husband says it's the best he ever had and he's a snob when it comes to fatty foods) and the fried chicken (this was so juicy and flavorful on this inside and deliciously crispy on the outside). OMG, seriously run there is you have the privilege of being in Cleveland. \n\nOh, and a few other pointers:\nCornbread was not good at all.\nI didn't try the coleslaw because it was super lathered in mayo.\nWe also had the pulled pork sandwich, which was really good too. The bbq sauce is flavorful, but not hot at all. I liked it on the pork, but I'm glad I didn't get the fried chicken drenched in the sauce - better on its own.
4	I know others have been moaning about their service, but our experience last Sunday was great. \n\nWe were disappointed about the dining room being closed, but the drive through was open and the staff were very patient with our endless debate about what to order (our son can be finicky). They even chimed in with recommendations when they told us that Fried Okra was unavailable.\n\nThe food was incredible -- and really messy in the car as we scarfed it down on our way back to NYC. We had Polish Girls, Mac and Cheese, Black-Eyed Peas and a Pork Shoulder sandwich. The sauce is really special. \n\nWe strongly recommend it to everyone. Great food, great service, really cheap.
4	I wont lie.. I was a little scared to enter this restaurant. I have always wanted to eat here but the location on Lee has a horrible reputation for .. well if haven't heard.. picture the scene from Animal house when they all walk into the bar where Otis is playing.. Nuf said. \nI had heard that Man Vs Food was at this location, so i figured i would give it a shot. Upon entering most places the food network has been you will notice that not only do the places raise their prices, but pictures and plaques are everywhere commemorating the event. Had you not seen the episode, you would never know they had been there.. Its as if they couldn't have cared less.. \nSo i asked the girl.. \"Whats good\"  and with out even hesitation she fires back \"You gotta try the polish girl and you might as well have the fried chicken too..\" With that type of certainty.. i had to reply \"Well. OK!\" She then asked me \"You want our sauce on your chicken?\" To which i asked \" I dont know, do i?\" She promptly said yes and ladled it on. For those who dont know.. A polish girl is a sausage (hot dog like) on a bun with french fries, pulled pork, coleslaw and their sauce.. Its about as good of a sandwich as you will ever taste. \nNow fellow Yelpers.. I have been known to exaggerate a little to heighten the effectiveness and entertainment value of a good story.. But i say to you today.... That is the best fried chicken that has ever passed my lips. The very wise and helpful woman who took my order was appreciated ever time i took a bite of that chicken. That sauce.. complimenting an already outstanding chicken breast.. I well up with tears just thinking about how unbelievably good that food was. \n\nOn another note.. Buy a F*cking mop already.. The place is absolutely deplorable. I needed rubber gloves and a hasmat suit to enter the place. Seriously... what is that 10 years of grime on the molding? Its absolutely disgusting. How you havent been sited is beyond me.. Perhaps people are so blinded by the food (as i was) that they don't notice or care. You would have had 5 stars, but i just couldn't get over how dirty it was..
5	I had always seen this place growing up, but I never actually tried it until this past Christmas! The fried chicken was probably the best I have ever had; worth every calorie! I had the sweet potato fries and they were great and crispy.  Everyone was really nice; the cook even came out and took a photo with us when I told him that I was visiting and had always wanted to try the place! I will definitely be coming back!
4	Um, can I just say that I want another 15 orders? This stuff is so so delicious. It has had rave reviews from all sorts of TV shows and I had to try. So last night, after a full weekend of eating, I decided I could just put on some super loose eating pants and go and get my fill. \n\nWe ordered the rib tip meal and the thigh snack. The rib tips were well cooked and the SAUCE! That is the winning ingredient. The ribs themselves were a little bit tough at times, but that sauce is really what makes your mouth water. We also got the macaroni and cheese as a side and as a not usual fan of mac and cheese (I KNOW, I'm the devil for saying such ludicrous things) I wasn't expecting to finish the ENTIRE tub by myself. My boyfriend wished he acted faster, because he just got a small taste. \n\nWhat you have to be careful about when you go late at night is that they close the doors and you have to order in the drive through. The intercom doesn't work so you drive up to the window and order. They take about 5 to 8 minutes to get your order. During that time, there will be homeless people that approach you. If that's not your scene, you won't score some awesome ribs. The environment its in is not great, but the food will surely make you want to come back.
5	Forget about the place and service (which were fine) and let's talk about the food!  The Polish Boy was good, but the fried chicken was AMAZING!!  And the sauce was killer!
2	So torn. I love their food. We wanted a polish boy. Yelp says open until 1:30, it is 10:26 pm and drive thru dude says they're closed. What? If you're normal and visit during normal hours, I gave hsw 5 plus stars. But consistence is nice too.
5	The chicken and po boy was amazing. Possibly the best I ever had. Get it with the sauce loaded on the chicken and fries. Staff was super friendly. \n\nI will come back next time I am in the neighborhood I visited because it wAs a nice walk from the Cleveland clinic. Probably not the best idea at night but during the day it was great.
4	Hot Sauce Williams is definitely a guilty pleasure of mine :) My favorite dish from here is the fried chicken and ribs dinner. For sides, I get the sweet potato fries and mac and cheese. They give you sooooo much food for just under $12! \n\nThe servers work only behind the food stand, so you pretty much have to clean off the tables yourself. You may at first be deterred from this place by its lack of cleanliness, but the food is so worth it!  One thing to keep in mind, they don't provide free water, but a bottle of water is only $1. \n\nDefinitely worth checking out!
5	Loved this spot! I got the pork plate which is shoulder with slaw and bread covered in sauce. Came with fries that I had them add sauce to. Just amazing. I've had bbq so many ways and I appreciated how unique and delicious this spot was!
2	I went here on my lunch break and I waited for 20 minutes just for a polish boy! It was pretty good but waiting for the very slow and rude staff was frustrating.
4	If you don't like this place, chances are you don't know what good barbeque is.\n\nI had the rib tip dinner (Off menu btw). This is a good alternative to the full rib dinner. It is still a ton of food, but not quite as much! The sauce is delicious.\n\nAs of 27 Feb 2011, you get a free plastic Pepsi 'Courtesy Cup' if you buy any one of their sodas.\n\nYes it's dirty, informal and right in the middle of an extremely sketchy neighborhood. IMO Cleveland needs more places like this. There are way too many places that wish with all of their might to be located in Manhattan or LA. Guess what? You're in Cleveland. Now ditch the valet and the uppity atmosphere, and give me some food.
4	Where do I start....My family & I went here on Saturday night and ordered 2-4 piece chicken dinners & 1-2 piece chicken dinner.  We finally received our food after a 45 minute wait!!!  The chicken dinner comes with a breast, wing, thigh, drumstick coleslaw, fries and BBQ sauce on the chicken & fries. Talk about  heaven!!!! You can get the sauce on the side though if you're not too adventurous. \n\nNow the service, that's another story.  Let me just say they need a tutorial on  customer service.  I'm a person who believes in second chances, so we tried this place again on Sunday and the service was the same....The only thing that changed was the table cloths?.....The reason why I gave this place a 4 star is because of the food but the service could use a lot of upgrading!!!\n\nI would suggest that you call ahead to place your order because if you wait on your food, it's like watchin' paint dry!!
5	There is a lot of buzz about this place, especially given its feature on the Food Network. Having lived in New Orleans for some time, I was both curious and eager to give HSW a try. (New Orleans is famous for some of its fried/comfort foods.)\n\nThe Bottom Line: this place is rather magical. If you love fried food that is slathered in hot sauce, then this is your place. To be honest, the fried food offers a one-dimensional taste experience; however, the food presentation is beautiful...in an ordered-chaos sort of way.\n\nThere's a menu, but you pretty much just get whatever they have available (I.e., whatever is sitting in the warmers behind the counter). I tried the fried chicken and the famous Polish Boy sandwich -- a fried kielbasa topped with coleslaw, fries, and hot sauce. I also \"sauced\" everything, allowing the kind worker to paint all of my food with the ever-so-sweet-tangy-and-delicious HSW hot sauce. The food was hot, and amazingly, the chicken was as crispy/tasty as some of the famous fried chicken of New Orleans' Willie Mae's Scotch House and Dooky Chase. (Huge success!)\n\nThe decor is the best part of HSW. The restaurant is appears to be a bit rundown, ostensibly dirty, and some of the windows are adorned with iron bars/mesh for safety purposes. While this may seem to be a negative, it is not. These details, coupled with the ambiance of the restaurant's neighborhood, offer the adventurous and hungry an authentic City of Cleveland dining experience.\n\nGrade: A
4	Came here on Saturday evening and there was a line about 10 people in front of me. I ordered a 3 pieces white dinner and was expected to get my food within 10-15 mins; however it took me about more than half hour to get the food. It's fair to say that efficiency was not their priority. Despite the service the food was absolutely amazing. Great value with great taste. The chicken breasts were tender and not too oily. The sauce was top natch.
4	Solid BBQ spot- definitely recommend! \nPros: Reasonably priced and delicious. \nCons: Food was pre-prepared and clearly sitting out a while before we got there. \n\nThe taste and flavor are outstanding! I kept it simple and ordered Ribs and fries. Sauce had me like \"mmmmmm mmhhhmmmm\" and ribs were like \"Ahhhhh yaaa ahhhhh.\" Great time had by all!
2	This place was extremely unorganized. Orders came out slowly and at least half of it was wrong. The air conditioning must have been broken on our visit because it was over 90 degrees in the dining area. The food was pretty good and the only thing keeping this review from getting a one star. We ordered the rib tip sandwich but they came back 15 minutes later and said they were out so we ended up getting the pulled pork. While the food was good ( I would I say 8 out of 10) it wasn't nearly good enough to overcome the disappointment. We won't be back.
4	Got the chicken and ribs dinner with green beans and fries. All delicious. Pretty much as close to being in the south as you can get in Cleveland.  Served in foam carry out trays, fancy. The only thing lacking was the service but really I expected that.
2	I decided to stop by here to try the Polish girl sandwich featured on Man vs. Food.  The sandwich was tasty but the service is terrible. \n\nLike others have said in there reviews, the service is extremely slow.  The waitresses walk slow, talk slow, and were inattentive.  It also took almost 30 minutes to get one polish girl and fish sandwich (because they ran out of the popcorn shrimp my friend wanted...) which is pretty slow to me.  Our waitress even disappeared during the middle of our service and it took us a extra 20 minutes to get our bill after we were done.\n\nThe restaurant is also an eyesore, the pink and light blue color scheme is even more offensive to the eyes in person.\n\nI won't ever come here again but if you plan to come here, order to go!
5	I shamlessly admit to straining that tin foil that comes with my rib order like a rag to get more of that tasty bbq sauce.
4	This place is oh so tasty!!  The great thing about their chicken is that, you don't even need their hot sauce for it to taste so good.  With the hot sauce, the chicken goes from good to great.  The pieces of chicken are typically big, hot, and filling.  Truly hit the spot if you're wanting a taste of the south, up here in Northeast Ohio.\n\nThe only problems I had with this place was that they close the dining room in the afternoon on Sunday (luckily they have the drive thru open) and the sides aren't seasoned well enough.\n\nOverall, this place is must try place.
1	Manager, please delete this review after owner of Yelp has read . . . Thank you.\n\nWell, let me tell you.  I love he food here!  However, I had a costly-to-owner and manager, and a terrible experience today (well, the 12th a Wednesday), and they need to know if they want to keep customers!!!  Who knows how many people just walk out because of the rude and slow staff - I'm sure they do it all the time and just don't tell the boss.  Here is what I am trying to communicate, and I can find no other way.  Website non-existent.\n \nMy would-be communique:\nYou lost 3 customers in a row today, August 12, at about 4:30, including the 2 ahead of me and then me.  I would have spent around $20.  The two were mother and son, and who knows what a growing boy eats?!  \nThe 2 in front of me (no one else in line or the restaurant) waited and waited even to be acknowledged let alone waited on.  There were 3 employees - a man and 2 women -who saw clearly we were there.  The customers and I chatted pleasantly for a good 5 minutes.  They got tired of waiting - for anything.  They left.  I was now the only customer.  One would think that their seeing 2 walkouts would have prompted them to action!  \nThe 3 of them stood directly in front of me at the register!  They did everything to pretend I wasn't there.  Could they not have said \"we'll be right with you\"?  Totally ignored me and instead counted tickets and chit-chatted about.  There was plenty of food, so they were in no crunch.  I'd have spent $20 - LOSS.  Mother and son, who knows? - LOSS.  I go to your place because it's usually great and I am a frequent Clinic visitor.\nFrankly, I would fire all three of these employees if I were you.  You've got a great business, but who knows how many customers walk out.  RUDE EMPLOYEES might be chasing away more than you know.  \nSusan Bednar
2	Went late evening...door was locked this time. (Wasn't locked the last evening I went.) Parking lot full of cars that's not at restaurant. So I go to the drive thru, there's a piece of card board on the speaker that says nothing (very unprofessional.) Sat there a few minutes not knowing what to do. Went to the drive thru and placed order there. Prices were a lot more than the prices listed on line which is what I was prepared to pay. \n\nBetween the drive thru speaker and not keeping up on current prices on their website, seems like they just don't care. So for now on I don't care to patron. I'll take my business elsewhere to someplace that shows the customer they care and stay professional. I'm not going to keep patronizing places that doesn't have any sort of professionalism about them. There are tons of restaurants of there!
5	By far the greatest place to visit. Been a fan for twenty years and until you come here you aint had real BBQ
1	My fianc\u00e9 and her friend got food poisoning last night. They ordered the beef ribs... Not fun and not good. I got the fried chicken which was great and i feel ok. Service is kind of shitty like other reviews have said, some people are just not positive. I guess i wouldn't be working at a BBQ place till 1:30 in the morning. I will NOT be going back. Food poisoning is a really bad thing, which means they aren't doing proper food handling.
4	Delicious Fried Chicken! Though the name is Hot Sauce Williams Barbecue Restaurant, this is the place to get fried chicken not ribs. Their ribs are so so to me. The fried chicken, however, is heavenly. Their sauce is wonderful too but I always get it in a cup and put on the chicken sparingly cause the chicken is top notch without it. The crust is perfect. After eating chicken here Popeyes, Churches and the rest of those national franchises' chicken taste awful to me. Love their excellent down home side dishes too. Four stars and not five because of the ho hum customer service (sometimes) and poorly put together menu. A side note, no matter what time I come into this place the clientele is always around 60 percent Black and 40 Percent White, with more Whites eating in the restaurant and a higher percentage of Blacks taking out.
4	It seems they care about their food. Tried a polish boy (it's food, I swear). It had great taste but messier than a Hollywood divorce..with kids. Couldn't be happier with the hot sauce, chicken and ribs. Ton of food for a little money. No public restrooms, fake flowers on pink tablecloths in an old fast food joint. They still yell their orders to the back. So why are they on the travel channel? They actually care about their food.
1	WHAT HAPPENED??  A year ago I would recommend anyone visiting Cleveland to come here.  NOT AFTER TODAY!!  I used to LOVE going here!  The Polish boy was one my personal favorites.  Today, I was on my way home and just happened to come by Hot Sauce Williams so I pulled in.  I knew I would have to wait at the drive thru but ...WOW!  15 minutes??  I should have just parked my car and went in.  Drive Thru is a BAD IDEA at this establishment.  I pulled up to the speaker and a piece of cardboard was over the speaker and written in marker saying \"STOP! Order here!\" I ordered and I will come to find out that the prices on their outside menu are WRONG and MORE EXPENSIVE than listed! (I didn't know this but I will explain later). On top of that, it looks like the window covering the menu and prices has not been cleaned since 2012. I ordered the Polish Boy combo and small size fried okra.  I had a couple in front of me and waited approximately 5 minutes before I arrived at the window ( I made a mental note changing radio stations because when I arrived at the window it took longer than the entire song of Baltimora 'Tarzan Boy' as I kept changing stations to pass times and ended back on the 80's channel to hear the end of that song and start a new one).  Do not think of this place as a typical 'fast food' drive thru.  You order and you will WAIT but they don't tell you that which can be a good thing.  This can give you the impression that the food is fresh but to tell you the truth, it didn't seem like it was 'fresh' in least bit.  In fact, it appeared that they took care of of whoever was inside BEFORE the drive thru customers because I actually watched 3 polish boys being made while I waited for my single polish boy because I guess the people inside took priority and they had only ONE person making food with 3 other people handling money and passing out beverages.  While watching someone else's food being prepared another employee came to the window and gave me my ridiculous total of $11.98!!  I gave her my money and at first I just simply thought the tax was high so I asked why my total was $11.98?  Apparently the prices listed on their dusty and dirty outside menu board are WRONG!  The RUDE employee didn't tell me anything.  She just \"handed\" me a receipt.  Instead of the okra being $2.75 it was $3.99!  I told the lady this and she just said, \"It is?  I will have to change that.\"  She walked away and I NEVER saw her again. Well, what about you OVERCHARGING??  I was already upset waiting for food so I turned my car off to save gas until I arrived at the window. I was overcharged and the lady avoiding me now, had another employee hand me my beverage. Coke in a can. As I was saying my food was over charged, she closed the window!! WHAT!! This is how you deal with customers with issues!?!? You AVOID them! \n     Finally I received my food.  They had ANOTHER employee hand me the food and this worker was a male.  I was actually able to talk with him and say that I was overcharged. He was not helpful or even courteous in ANY way! He said, \"I can't help you, I don't work with the menu.\" I kept telling him, this was WRONG, you can't overcharge customers and you can't treat people like this! Again, like a robot, \"I can't help you with that.\"  I heard enough. \"If you can't fix this or help and NONE of you are willing to help without me making a scene then I'm DONE with ALL of you!\" He replied again, \"I can't help you\" and shut the window then walked away while all the other employees avoided the window. \n     I'M NEVER RETURNING TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT!! What happened?? The employees don't care! A year ago this was a decent place! They even have photos of Robin Williams (I miss him so much!) visiting there with his family.  What happened? I don't know and I WISH I could give this place more stars but this whole experience was enough for me to give them the LOWEST rating. I had a few good times here in the past with some memorable moments but it will ALWAYS be overlooked by this horrible treatment! THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THIS TREATMENT AND ATTITUDE! Even the food changed in my opinion. My Polish Boy was a regular sized hot dog with fries and coleslaw slapped on top of it and my fried okra was soggy.  Worst of the all, the sauce was different this time too. It was watered down and tasted old if that's possible. I WILL NOT RETURN.
4	Sweet merciful Fried Chicken and Polish Boys!\n\nIt is absolutely delicious food.
4	Mrs. Doubtfire was here!\n\nNo really Robin Williams dined at this location.  \n\nThe Fried chicken is crunch in your mouth drippy kind of good!   My favorite meal is the polish girl.  it just screams \"Eat Me!!\"    polish dog piled high with pulled pork, crinkled fries drenched in slaw and oh so good tangy HSW sauce.   Oh how the sauce enhances the taste, Makes you want seconds\n\nNow when you eat your hot Polish Girl, you have to be gentle it tends to get sloppy.  I ease on into it.  I always end up with a mess on my hands and face.  wipe down needed after this Feast.  Sometimes I settle for the polish boy, a little less mess and take it all in kind of treat \n\n\"Ease on into it\"
2	I stopped in here today to get a chicken wing dinner for my wife.  After it took this young lady 10 minutes to take my my order.  She tells me its going to be a few minutes on the wings to cook.  So I had time to look around at all the celebrities to visit this staple in Cleveland.  I also had time to see how ran down and dirty this place was.  Dirty tables, floors, and walls.  Ceiling falling apart.  It's obvious they don't put money back into this dilapidated falling building.  30 minutes past I finally get my order.  The older lady gives me my order.  I asked don't I get a drink with my platter.  She told me it doesn't come with a drink.  I know the last time I was here I got the same thing and I got a drink with my food.  Matter fact this time I got coleslaw.  Last time I didn't.   Bottom line I'm all for supporting my community, but if you can't do better I'm taking my money elsewhere. But I'll give you another star because my food was good.
5	Bodenst?ndige italienische K\u00fcche, eher rustikales unedles Ambiente, sehr freundliche, aber manchmal schnarchige Kellner, wenn der Chef noch nicht da ist. Finde es liebenswert und gem\u00fctlich, gehe immer wieder gerne hin.
5	Eine kleine und gem\u00fctliche Pizzeria mit leckeren Pizzen und Nudelgerichten. Gutes Preis-Leistungsverh?ltnis und freundlicher Service.
5	Tolle italienische K\u00fcche in einer unscheinbaren Location in Stuttgart West. Sowohl Service als auch die Speisen sind super und das Preis-Leistungs Verh?ltnis ist mehr als gut! Gutschein wurde gerne angenommen und als Dankesch?n gab es ein Grapa aufs Haus. Sehr zu Empfehlen!
5	Ein Vorurteil verwandelte sich bei dieser Pizzeria in eine absolute \u00fcberraschung. Wir sind schon ?fter an dieser Pizzeria vorbeigegangen und ich habe \u00fcber den Namen etwas die Nase ger\u00fcmpft - Regenbogen, das klingt so nach schlechter 80er Jahre Taverne.\n\nDrinnen ist es dann im ersten Eindruck auch ein bisschen, wie bei einer kleinen Zeitreise - allerdings nicht in die 80er, sondern in die 90er, in die mich gerade die Lampen und die Einrichtung zur\u00fcckversetzten. Was ich aber sehr charmant fand, waren die Theaterfotografien an den W?nden.\n\nBeim Service war ich am Anfang etwas verunsichert, weil der gute Herr wirklich finster gucken konnte, aber das verbesserte sich im Laufe des Abends merklich und jeder, der an unseren Tisch kam war immer h?flich und professionell. Au?erdem waren Getr?nke und Speisen immer unverz\u00fcglich an unserem Tisch, auch als es sp?ter am Abend sehr voll wurde - so lob ich mir das.\n\nDas Essen war dann ein wahres Gedicht, angefangen beim Brotkorb mit frisch gebackenen Pizzabr?tchen bis hin zur Nachspeise, was wieder zeigt, dass man sich nicht von ?u?erlichkeiten abschrecken lassen darf. \nAuf der gemischten Vorspeisenplatte fanden wir ein Gedicht an italienischer Salami und Schinken sowie exzellentem K?se. Mein Bruschetta war ein frisch gebackener halber Pizzafladen mit frischen Tomatenst\u00fcckchen, die ordentlich mit Knoblauch garniert waren - sehr lecker!\nDie Hauptgerichte haben uns dann absolut \u00fcberzeugt: Ich hatte frische Nudeln von der Tageskarte mit Steinpilzen. Die Nudeln waren einen winzigen Tacken zu al dente f\u00fcr meinen Geschmack, aber sie zogen noch etwas nach. Die Steinpilze in der So?e mit frischen Kr?utern waren hervorragend. \nAber das absolute Highlight war die Pizza: wie in Italien. Hauchd\u00fcnner, geschmacklich hervorragender, knuspriger, aber nicht trockener Teig mit leckerem Mozzarella, der ordentlich F?den zieht und frischem Belag, der die anderen Zutaten nicht erstickt. Ich bin sonst von Pizza nicht so leicht zu beeindrucken, aber diese war einfach ein Gedicht.\nDer Tiramisu zum Nachtisch musste dann noch sein, obwohl wir eigentlich schon satt waren. Er hat den hervorragenden Eindruck des Essens noch unterstrichen.\n\nAuch der Wein war hervorragend und mit 4,50 Euro f\u00fcr 1/4 Liter auch nicht besonders teuer. Insgesamt war das Preis-Leistung-Verh?ltnis (9 Euro f\u00fcr die Pizza, 10,50 Euro f\u00fcr die Nudeln) f\u00fcr die Qualit?t absolut angebracht.\n\nEiner meiner Lieblingsitaliener in Stuttgart, wenn es mal eher gem\u00fctlich als schick sein soll.
4	Erst war ich Nicht so \u00fcberzeugt von der Pizzeria. Von au?en eher unscheinbar. Als ich dann meine Pizza bekam war ich sehr \u00fcberrascht. Die Pizza geschmacklich super. \nDie Bedienung immer freundlich und hilfsbereit. \n\nIch gehe auf jedenfalls wieder hin.
1	Unser erster und letzter Besuch: Leider m\u00fcssen wir von einem Besuch der Trattoria Regenbogen im St. Westen abraten. Unsere Erfahrungen von Heute:\n1. Aus dem Nebenzimmer zog Rauch zu uns r\u00fcber \n2. Wir kippten entsprechend das Fenster  kurze Zeit sp?ter st\u00fcrmte der Kellner an uns vorbei und schloss es wieder\n3. In der Vorspeise Vitello Tonnato fand sich ein St\u00fcck Plastik (3cm!). Ich gab das Plastikst\u00fcck zur\u00fcck, erhielt aber weder eine Entschuldigung noch einen neuen Teller  lediglich ein Oh. Dar\u00fcber hinaus war das Fleisch nicht durch und schmeckte nicht gut.\n4. Der Hugo war sehr w?ssrig und der Holunderbl\u00fctensirup war ganz unten\n5. Nach dem Bezahlen empfahl ich dem Kellner, doch k\u00fcnftig bei solchen Dingen wie Plastik im Essen zumindest einen Grappa oder Cappuccino anzubieten. Die Antwort: Nein, das machen wir nicht  ist menschlich, kann doch passieren.
5	I can typically take or leave hotel restaurants as well, they are hotel restaurants.  Burnham is way different. \n\nOn our last AM in town we were hitting breakfast before hitting 71 to go home. Anthony was our server. Two omelets with wheat toast, fruit for me potatoes for my BFF. Coffee. Juice. Ice Tea. \n\nWhat SOLD US and has us on Yelp and then Trip Advisor was my ask for ice water after I downed my coffee. Anthony turned around grabbed a glass, held it up and checked to make sure it was clean.  We went crazy - that NEVER happens but at the Burnham. When we praised him he said, \"I'm not gonna give out no dirty glass.\" LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nWhen he stopped by to pick up our plates he so proudly said, \"I love picking up dirty clean plates!\" BAWHAHAHAHAHA! Just absolutely too cute.  Lots of professionalism. Lots of personality.  Quite the impression. \n\nThe food was perfect. The omelets were not in excess. Enough eggs and stuffing of our choice to balance it all out.  What an experience.  We hit so many breakfast places in town I'm sorry we didn't do this more than once. Thank you Anthony!
2	The waiter was poorly trained and seemed unhappy with his job. Complained that Lebron was a bad tipper. Interrupted our business conversations.  Didnt give me a menu until i asked. We had bought 2 bottles of wine and he did not come back to refill.  Frankly I was a bit embarrassed hosting a business meeting there.  Food was unremarkable as well.
4	I came to Cleveland to watch the cavaliers, raptors game the restaurant at the hotel was the burnham restaurant, we were all trying to figure out where to eat and we pulled the menu up on our phones and we decided this place. The service was some of the best I've had, My server Jeff was a very genuine guy, I've been to many restaurants where servers are nice, but it seems like it's a forced attitude, but I could tell Jeff even outside of work acted the exact same and was a joy to be around, The food was amazing too we tried a bit of everything and had no complaints about anything. Some of the food we had was the \"soul bowl\" which was pork belly on top of mac and cheese, the chicken wings confit, hangar steak, Buffalo chicken pizza, and a burger. I would get it all again, but the steak and the pork belly was my absolute 2 favourites, you have to try it out for yourself to see why I'm talking about!
5	Came for my birthday dinner.  The hotel is new and very beautifully designed, and we had read good reviews of the Burnham.  Did not disappoint!  I recommend the small plates--so much choice!  I had the peiroghi, the fried chicken confit, and the table shared the cheese creme with mushroom.  H had the oyster spaghetti.  Excellent service--not pushy, not absent.  Crowd is good--dates/couples, friends/family meet up.  I don't think this is a kid place--definitely an adult vibe.  I'd like to stay down here and make it a whole night away in my own city.
2	Food is ok but expensive.  SERVICE IS TERRIBLE.  The hotel tries to do a good job and wants to provide a great experience,  unfortunately,  the restaurant staff have poor attitudes don't really understand what good service means.
5	Fantastic restaurant in the Hilton Cleveland! We ordered salads and they were as good as the entr\u00e9es. Huge offset bowls with enough fresh, unique ingredients (fresh, whole anchovies, pickled eggs, fresh shaved cheese) to make you think twice about ordering additional items from the menu...nah, there's more to explore! You have to try the French toast...yes, anytime of day! It's not what you think. Shredded chicken, a sauce and season combo that takes your taste buds on a roller coaster, and soft & slight crunch in the toast peeking from beneath. One of my all-time favorites!!
4	Overall impressions: swanky lounge in a swanky hotel serving up new takes on old favorites. Staff are still growing into their roles, but friendly. Good for dressy dates, business meetings, and hopefully drinks on the patio when the weather is warmer! \n\nIt's a shame that this shiny new part of Cleveland doesn't get the traffic it deserves after the boom that was Summer 2016. Getting here is about a 10 min walk from the RTA station, but at night, when there's hardly anyone around, and your phone light is shining brighter than the streetlights... The empty buildings can be pretty eerie. Buuut, I guess I can't complain about having my pick of the reservation times during Downtown Restaurant Week. \n\nThe Burnham can be entered directly from the side of the Hilton building, and my friend and I were pretty impressed by the upscale nautical wall deco. Everything still looked as though the plastic wrap had just been taken off. We were shown in short order to our table, a half-booth ordeal. Normally I'm all about the booth tables, but our booties sank a little too deep into the plush seat and made the table an awkward height to lean your arms on. Which, if you have just above can't-take-you-ANYWHERE etiquette like me, you tend to do quite often. Anyways. We were brought some complimentary bread and olive oil while looking through our menus, but the server nearly dropped the bread on the table instead of our plates, and the bread was quite plainly not fresh. A rough start. \n\nOur hearts and stomachs dropped a little when we saw our first appetizer (not part of the Prix Fixe menu), five tiny Garlic & Onion Beignets. This was definitely not Southern hospitality. They were pretty good, but gone too soon, including the pickle garnish. Each of us then chose different salads for the first course and were pleasantly surprised by the unique ingredients. No plain Caesar from the grab bag - mine had a crunchy mix of greens, pickles, sunchoke, and a light dressing. Main course involved a Swordfish Schnitzel for me, and a Sous Vide Fried Chicken for her. You heard right. Schnitzel and sous vide, chicken and swordfish? Did they draw these combos out of a hat? Maybe, but they work surprisingly well together - both meats were tender, the accompanying sides (radish + mashed potatoes for me) appropriately balancing. I could probably have done with less salt overall, but know that you'll be leaving full after an entree. The desserts were cute trays of Petit Fours, including cake pops and macarons. Nothing mind-boggling, but easy to pack up and eat on the go. \n\nLike others have said, service was fairly slow. It took a while for our dishes to come and for water to be refilled even though we were one of probably five tables that evening. The staff is definitely rough around the edges compared to the establishment (I mean, have you SEEN the bathrooms? Go, just go outside across the hallway, and enjoy the gilded glory.). It's not a place you should expect to grab a quick bite - although I think I spotted a kid eating chicken tenders a few tables over. But food-wise, we felt we got what we paid $30 (+ an appetizer) for. The menu, the staff, the booty-sucking seats, it all feels a little experimental, but I think we got some positive results out of the evening.
5	What a refreshing experience! Beginning with a friendly greeting and seating, followed by a delicious breakfast buffet satisfying every imaginable taste desire, and all made better by the most polite and attentive server we have experienced in a long time. Craig was a pure delight! His contribution to our dining experience was as important as the food. Craig needs to be cloned.
4	Nice upscale take on Cajun. Nice place for a rich dinner after a day of conference smarts. Our favorites were actually the appetizers: pierogies and the divine goat cheese creme brulee! Hanger steak was delicious and perfectly cooked, if a little salty.
5	We stayed at the hotel and decided to check out this restaurant. All of us were very impressed with the food and staff. The hanger steak I had was amazing. Their version of the carrot cake was nothing like I have ever had but it was great. If I ever go back to cleveland I will make sure I return.
4	The Cleveland Plain Dealer gave this restaurant an excellent rating, so I made reservations.  After that I read other reviews, some of which were negative, so I dined a there tonight fearful that I had made a mistake.  I was delighted by the delicious food and excellent service!  I highly recommend it and hope that others will try it, as it was pretty empty on a Saturday night, although this could have been caused by upcoming Fathers' Day.\nVisit the bar on the 32nd floor for a wonderful view of the city.\nI will return and recommend it to my friends.
5	I could go on for hours about how wonderful this place and its staff are. I had the best pancakes I've ever eaten and a wonderful mimosa. We came in at noon (lunch time), and the staff happily accommodated our dying need for some breakfast food. This is a must for brunch.
4	I stopped in here a few weeks ago when my friend and I were trying to go to the rooftop bar, but it was closed for a private event and we were starving. It was pretty empty while we were in here, so we got a seat right away. Our server was great - very attentive and our food was super timely. I ordered the Southwest Shrimp Pizza, which was delicious. I wish I could have taken it home with me, but I was heading out for a night on the town, so I had nowhere to stash it. This place is great for an anniversary dinner, lunch with a friend or colleague, or a place to celebrate a family occasion.
4	Excellent service & food.  I had the grilled salmon & my husband had the muffuletta sandwich.  Yum!
1	Terrible. Had reservations. Not busy. Hostess was clueless. Left us at restaurant bar and kept seating people with no reservations. Talked to hostess, did not care. Never seated us. Wont be back.
5	Chose to visit the new Hilton Downtown and new restaurant for a birthday.  Chose this restaurant because our party had been to most restaurants in Cleveland and the Burnham had only been open 16 days when we ate there.  \n\nOurs was a party of four and had no time constraints so we decided to do a couple courses of splitting the small plates.  After our incredible waiter Joseph walked us through some of his favorite things and some of the background for some of the food, we chose our first course as Octopus salad, soft shell crab special, chilaquiles, shrimp and grits, and fried rice.  All of these dishes were as advertised and devoured by our party.  The octopus salad was some of the most tender, tasty octopus we have had anywhere in the country let alone Cleveland.  The chilaquiles were like a mexican pancake with pulled pork and rock shrimp baked in.  The shrimp and grits were great.\n\nOur second course we chose soul bowl (mac and cheese with pork belly and collard greens), boudin and mash (blood sausage and mashed potatoes), confit wings, and the five cheese pizza.  While I don't like collard greens, the mac and cheese and huge pieces of pork belly was good.  The blood sausage and mashed potatoes were a british/irish delicacy and delight.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were great.  The confit wings were a bit salty but they literally fell off the bone and were served with a green sauce that I can't quite figure out what it was.  The pizza was great topped with tomato and basil and quite flavorful.\n\nOur party had a couple bottles of wine from the extensive wine list and some of their cocktails (Sacre Bleu and French 75).  The cocktails were all made from scratch and delicious.\n\nThe staff at this restaurant were incredible with multiple people from servers, hosts, back kitchen staff, and managers all making their way to our table to wish one a Happy Birthday and welcome us to the restaurant.  The new hotel is beautiful inside.  Wish the Bar 32 (bar and patio on the 32nd floor) was open but its still not finished.\n\nOur server Joseph made the night especially nice with his knowledge and hospitality.\n\nWould like to try breakfast/brunch next time maybe but we will definitely by back.
1	If you want to eat at a restaurant that strives to exactly satisfy the average palate of the average American diner, this is the place for you. The menu and the wine list will have exactly all the regular, normal choices that the average eater will not be offended by. If you want a memorable meal, go elsewhere.
5	I'm not sure why urban farmer has better review than this place. The food was really good for a restaurant that is maintained by the hotel. I've tried 4 different meal and dessert and nothing is bad.. I'm thinking that the review is low due to price but I can assure you that the quality and freshness of the  ingredients is fantastic.. u get what u paid for. The service is not bad... just a relax environment in which u can enjoy your dinner.. I'm giving this a 4.5 star due to price but if u are looking for a quality and taste, this is definitely a must try in Cleveland..\n\nI recommend any seafood entree.. salmon, trout and walleye..
4	I came here for a late solo dinner, got in on a business flight around 10 PM.  I had two small plates, the shitake perogies and the goat cheese creme brulee because they sounded the most intriguing to me.  B  The goat cheese was rich if not particularly flavorful, went very nicely with the crostini that came along with it.  The perogies were a definite hit however, savory with tart sauerkraut and a nice mashed potato side.\n\nThe bartender was very friendly and helpful.  A nice selection of beers on draft.  Overall a very acceptable hotel restaurant, can't comment on the entree options but overall this is a place worth a visit if you want something simple and are staying at the Hilton.
2	Slow service and okay food.\nOnly ate here because too cold to walk anywhere. Waiter spent most of the time chatting with another table while I needed service.  Will not eat here again.
2	Came here for lunch with two others and did not have a great experience. It was pretty busy upon arrival, however we made a reservation so we were seated within 5 minutes of arriving. It was a nice day so we were asked if we'd like outdoor seating, which we agreed to. \n\nService was extremely poor. We had a reservation for 12:15, we were sat at 12:20 and we did not get our food until 1:20. It took 20 minutes for our server to ask us what we wanted to drink, and another 5-10 minutes for my soda to arrive. We weren't told what the soup of the day was, we weren't told about any specials and we weren't even asked if we'd dined with them before (this place just opened after all). All in all, our server took 30 minutes just to take our order.\n\n25-30 minutes later our food arrived. My friends got the field green salads (which they actually enjoyed, hence the two stars). I ordered the buttermilk chicken sandwich, which I did not enjoy at all. The breading on the chicken was bland and tasteless and to be honest, when I cut my chicken open with my knife (this is an open-faced sandwich by the way, something the menu doesn't say) it looked pretty gross in the middle. My fries were simple shoestring fries that tasted fine.\n\nThe poor service in combination with the bland tasting food will be the reason I likely will not return. With all the great restaurants available in Cleveland, this one is not worth going to (at least for lunch).
2	This was not the best experience. The food was decent and the service was terrible. Waited entirely too long for basic things like drinks and to place our order.. mind you, the place was no where near full. Our waitress could have cared less about anything, and it showed. \n\nWon't be going back ever. Not worth it.
5	Really enjoyed our night sitting at the bar at The Burnham. Rob the bartender/mixologist (not to sound too hipster but this guy is a professional) was very knowledgeable, funny and a great steward for Cleveland. He gave us tips on where to spend our weekend and he did not disappoint!\n\nOn to the food: Husbandface was obsessed with the pierogies, I was obsessed with the French toast small plate. I'm going to try to recreate it at home and will probably fail a million times it was so good.\n\nDrinks: Thumbs up. Let Rob know what your tastes are and trust him to make you your personality in a glass. Because that pretty much happened.\n\nIt was our first time in Cleveland and we had to force ourselves to NOT go back to the Burnham for every meal just so we could branch out!
5	Had the fried chicken confit. I swear on earth I've never had anything better. It was the perfect size and the cheese dumplings on the side were perfect.
2	Food is pretty good for a Hotel. Much better places in downtown, especially for dinner. Service was terrible.  Hilton needs to up service in the restaurant.\nMy wife and I were meeting people in the terrific bar on the 32nd floor. I showed up late an had trouble getting someone so i could order a drink.\n\nDecide to have dinner in the Burnham.  It was 8:30 on a week night. Almost no one in the place. Our server may have also been the bartender.  She paid almost no attention to us. \nBad service can certainly ruin a good meal.
5	I love this place! Sherri the bartender was awesome and Chef Ryan brought the food directly to me! What a friendly environment I had the buffalo pizza and Caesar salad my first night and the muffalatta sandwich the next day. Everything was fresh and tasty!!
4	Hotel restaurants are always hit or miss but this one was a nice experience. The ambiance is upbeat and lively -- an open kitchen will also help with that -- and the prices were fair, if not better than expected. My Cotes du Rhone Ros\u00e9 was $9.50 a glass and the dinner specials on a Saturday night included a super affordable (and pleasantly portioned) Sous Vide Chicken plate. Nothing crazy but just a nice simple home cooked meal while traveling -- something we all crave. \n\nThe Sous Vide chicken was well prepared, maybe just a touch over done, and the creamy mash and broccolini were nice accompaniments. While the broccolini was a tad under-salted, the mashed potatoes were a bit over-salted so I ate them together and it was perfect. I can handle that. I wasn't however, a fan of the BBQ sauce that adorned the chicken. Thankfully, it was mostly served on the side so the dish was still a great choice. \n\nJohnny was a very pleasant server and we worked up a nice rapport by the end. His recommendations were genuine and he steered me toward a dish that I would enjoy - one thing I appreciate in a server! His push for the featured Mitchell's Banana Pudding ice cream was a win, especially with his flexibility in swapping out the vanilla ice cream on the chocolate angel food cake dessert dish. Yum!\n\nAll in all, I think the restaurant offers good value, a fun vibe, and it's awesome that you can go for pre- or post-dinner drinks at the 32 Bar (rooftop)!\n\nFinal thing: I loved their dining chairs. Upholstered and so comfortable. It may sound silly but chairs make a huge difference! I felt relaxed the whole time.
5	I'm always a little skeptical of hotel restaurants/bars, but this one impressed me. Everything was delicious and service was great. The atmosphere is pretty decent, but the patio wasn't open yet when I was there, so I suspect that it's great. The tapas are really unique, but my husband and I opted for entrees. I did see the table next to us, ordered tapas, and they looked and smelled amazing, and we're really generous portions. My husband thought his pork entree was smaller than he wanted, but my fish was perfection. I can't wait to go back for girls' night to order a bunch of small plates!
1	I wanted to give this place one star before ever stepping foot into the restaurant... \n\nI called on a Monday to make a reservation for 12 people. I was told by the gentleman who answered the phone that he needed manager approval for that many people, and put me on hold. I waited a few minutes, and when he returned he informed me that he couldn't find a manager but would take down my information and someone would call me back. I waited 24 hours and didn't hear from anyone, so I called back. I explained that I had called the day before and needed to speak to a manager, and was placed on hold for ELEVEN MINUTES before I finally hung up. I called back for a third time and immediately asked to speak to a manager, by which the person responded rudely \"well can I take a message, we are a little busy right now.\" I said \"no, you may not take a message, I need to speak with a manager immediately.\" I was placed on hold AGAIN, this time for more than five minutes. I FINALLY got a manager, Franc, on the phone who didn't even bother apologizing for my troubles. \n\nOn Wednesday I get a call from the restaurant (two days after my first attempt to make a reservation) telling me they couldn't accommodate my party. I explained to them that the manager had confirmed just yesterday, and after being placed on hold YET AGAIN, they confirmed that indeed they could accommodate me. I mean honestly. FIGURE YOUR SHIT OUT. \n\nIf it were up to me, I would not have even given this restaurant my business after that experience, but the group had already collectively agreed to eat here.\n\nFast forward to Saturday... Our server was nice enough but his \"helpers\" were more attentive than he was, we waited forever for our drinks and dinner, one persons meal never made it out, and the food was just okay.\n\nOverall, the experience was awful and there are so many other restaurants in Cleveland with better food and service. I will not be returning to the Burnham.
4	The fact that this place has 3 dollar signs is not accurate to me. I had a chicken confit small plate, which was more than filling, and it was about $11. I was really craving fried chicken and that meal hit the spot with hints of exotic undertones! Really nice, modern, and quiet ambiance for a late dinner and the staff is readily available to suggest what to eat. My co-worker and I enjoyed the experience. \n\nOnly thing I would say is that the menu needs an interpreter basically. When you first look at it you read something like bread pudding but then underneath it states there are gizzards in it. Not typically what you would think, right? Fact of the matter is, after our waitress explained the take on bread pudding and french toast that they utilized, it was much easier to make a decision. My co-worker got a french toast type plate which was a savory take on a pulled pork dish and she thoroughly enjoyed it.
5	I was at The Burnham for the first time this past weekend.  It was my friends birthday and we had a party of 6.  The service was great!  Our server was super nice, kept our drinks full and brought out our food in a timely manner.  I got the salmon and it was delicious!  The skin was super crispy and it was a large portion.  Everyone at the table was pleased with their dishes as well.  The staff was very welcoming.  I would highly suggest going here.
5	The Burnham just opened on June 1st and we thought we'd try something new. Normally, new restaurants mess up something so our expectations were not high. Let me say this...Burnham was phenomenal and exceeded all of our expectations by leaps and bounds. I cannot wait to go back!\n\nThe decor is very modern, yet warm and inviting. The service was top notch and very friendly. We were seated next to the bar so had the chance to interact with their bartender who made the experience even better. Super friendly guy, very knowledgeable mixologist--everything he made was great. After the first round, we were letting him just give us whatever he wanted. He makes great mocktails too.\n\nFood..OMG. I want to go back the very next day and repeat the entire experience. We ordered several small plates to start with: calamari, pierogis, and octopus. Everything was delicious and the preparations were creative and unlike what we've had at other restaurants. We especially loved the sauce on the pierogis and the octopus was so good we wound up getting another order. For dinner, we tried Oxtail, Burnham Burger, and Shrimp & Grits. Once again, everything was top notch...our plates were clean very quickly. Even the dishes we were on the fence about ordering we wound up raving about. \n\nThe Burnham is a great addition to Cleveland downtown - we'll be back!!
4	The brunch buffet had a beautiful display and was dutifully maintained. The eggs were a strange, jiggly texture and bland. The French toast was great, but the syrup was flavorless. Excellent tasting and perfectly portioned smoothie shots. Not all of the items were clearly labeled so my vegan friend was upset from consuming meat in the potato hash. I recommend signs for each prepared item with symbols for meat, dairy, soy, seafood, and vegan items. \n\nThank you for handling our large group with great service and attention.
4	Great variety and the best dog in town. Try the rice crispy marshmallow shake/flurry thing. Ridiculous!
1	This was my first visit and I was definitely NOT impressed. The service was quick, but not necessarily competent and the food was overpriced. *On a side note, if you order root beer with your combo, be prepared to receive a 12oz drink instead of the 16oz that supposedly comes with it.
4	Went to their grand opening on the June 17th and despite the fact that they were slammed I cannot say enough about the customer service and hustle the entire Retro Dog team exhibited.  The wait was long due to the insane amount of guests but have every expectation that their service will be no less than amazing going forward.  The atmosphere is bright and upbeat with an updated diner feel.  The original artwork speaks for itself.\n\nI tried the Retro Dog as I am a HUGE fan of Coney dogs.  The sauce was different and sweeter than the \"traditional\" Coney sauce but a good surprising spin on an old original.  Toppings were ample and the natural casing hot dog cooked to perfection.  I ordered the Coney fries to go with and I may have overdosed on the Coney aspect of things and think they might ne better paired with a different dog.  Delicious all the same.\n\nThe custard cone with the salted chocolate dip and caramel was ridiculous.  Although full from my meal, I still couldn't help but finish.  The salted chocolate adds the perfect savory to the caramel's and custard's sweet.  Retro Dog is definitely worth a visit and I plan on returning multiple times to try the entire menu.
4	This is my regular lunch stop when I am in Stow. The food is fantastic. There isn't an item on the menu I haven't had and haven't enjoyed. \n\nCome for the food, but stay for the shakes.  If that isn't your thing go for the root beer on tap. It's the best in town. \n\nThe monthly food specials keep the menu interesting. \n\nThe absolute best aspect of Retro Dog is the staff. I haven't met a better crew anywhere else. \n\nIn short, this place receives two lion fists up from Voltron.
4	If you are looking for a fun little place to go every once in a while, go here. They have all sorts of good quality hot dogs and hamburgers; including veggie style ones. The drinks and milkshakes are awesome, too. The ambiance is very cheesy, but it works. I want to write more about this place, but there really isn't a lot to say. It's a hot dog place...\n\nYou'll enjoy!
4	Love this place! My kids ask to go every week! I don't eat red meat, so of course when my husband suggested a hot dog place I reluctantly went! I was pleasantly surprised by the menu! A veggie dog, chicken sandwich and veggie burger! I've had the veggie dog and chicken sandwich, both were great! I'm trying the veggie burger next! Oooh, and the milkshakes, so yummy. Oh and the veggie cheese fries, so good! Even if you like meat the veggie options will satisfy...just has my husband the meat eater! \nNot only is the food great, the service is absolutely amazing too! So friendly!
4	Fun place and something a little different.  Hot dog and burger options abound.  The onion rings and fries are greasy and delicious - dip them both in whatever magical sauce comes with the onion rings.  Chili and root beer are also good   This is not a place for people who are afraid of calories - they have a token side salad and a black bean burger if you want to feign healthy eating while scarfing fries. Ordering is kind of a pain especially if there's a line since there's not a lot of room to stand in line - you order at the counter; then the order taker takes your money and gets your drinks; you sit down; and they bring the food out to you sometimes having to call out by name.  They have car service outside, why not have wait service inside?
5	Retro Root Beer in a FROSTY MUG!\nSuper creamy, real Frozen Custard! \n\nBurgers, Dogs and Fries with an overwhelming array of topping choices. \nWe visited on a Sunday evening, and ate inside. \nEverything was fresh and delicious. Service was spot-on!\n\nThe Onion Rings were a highlight for me... Made fresh to order, tender inside, light and crisp fried tempura batter outside. I'm my opinion... They could NOT be better!\nHighly recommend that you give RETRO DOG a try!
4	1st trip here .. my husband had 2 dogs w/yellow mustard .. I had 1 w/chili + yellow mustard + 1 with chili + yellow mustard .. we both enjoyed our dogs .. but the stand out was the battered onion rings .. totally delicious .. wish we had gotten a large order to split but w/2 dogs each we wanted to pace ourselves .. root beer float & black cherry soda were the chosen beverages .. we will be back .. not only for more onion rings but perhaps to try a burger next time .. a bit of a drive from our home in Cleveland but a decent road trip to treat ourselves every so often .. far exceeded our expectations & now there is no need to go to Sonic ever again .. thank God!
5	This review is written by my 6 year old son. \"The ice cream is really good and icy here. The twist is my favorite. Also, the grilled cheese is pretty cheesy!\"
4	My friends and I walked to Retro dog after school. We assumed it would be cheaper than wing warehouse. The staff was helpful and friendly. My friends and I got milkshakes and burgers.\nI got a milkshake and cheese fry and my friend, who I payed for, got a burger and milkshake. I didn't expect the total to come as $20 but we enjoyed our time there and the food was good.
1	I really was looking forward to a great hot dog and was suprised the retro dog was so tasteless and boring.  I was surprised when I saw the lady sweeping the floor put  the broom down and take the French frie with her bare hands and put my order of fries in the fryer.
1	Went for lunch with co-workers. I had the Chicago dog and onion rings with a drink. Dog was excellent, rings not so much. Incredibly greasy - even too much for rings. Unfortunately my co-worker had a disasterous Retro Burger. There was a 9\" or so brown, curly hair found in the MIDDLE of her burger. \n\nWe observed a female employee with shoulder-length, brown, curly hair; not tied back or in a hair net, cooking the food. This is gross, unsanitary, and bad restaurant management.\n\nAccording to www.fda.gov - retail food protection - Chapter 2-402.11: \" (A) Food employees shall wear hair restraints such as hats, hair coverings or nets, beard restraints, and clothing that covers body hair, that are designed and worn to effectively keep their hair from contacting exposed FOOD; clean equipment, utensils, and linens; and unwrapped single-service and single-use articles. \n\nIt was asked that the burger be re-made, and yet again, the same female employee was cooking as before. The practice of employee hygiene is a basic essential of running a restaurant. Shame on the owner for not being aware of day-to-day operations with his/her employee(s). \n\nI will not be going back, nor recommending this establishment.
5	New drive in - classic style! Hosted my son's 8th birthday here and the staff and food is amazing. They brew their own pop, root beer and beer as well. Lots of special events and great burgers and dogs.
2	Others seem to enjoy the restaurant, so maybe you will enjoy it, but...\n\nMy wife's hotdog was warm rather than hot. It was also very small compared to the bun. My cheeseburger was the same way.\n\nThe root beer was close, but too sweet for both out tastes.\n\nI think that they spent too much effort on the decor and TVs and not enough on the food.
5	Run, don't walk, to Retro Dog. Had lunch there yesterday. Great food and very nice and attentive people. Had dogs and delicious fries, very crispy and hot! Dogs had a nice snap and the buns were perfect. They have so much more than the dogs, too. Lots of choices. Don't let the exterior fool you, it's not just drive up. There is nice seating inside for at least 40. Get out to Retro Dog and support a local business with very good food and wonderful people!
5	Love this place, cool decor, great menu and friendly staff.  We go out of our way just to eat here.  Most likely one of the rare instances where a hot dog place also offers great burgers, shakes and even a veggie option!
1	This is the part of being a food adventurer that bites you in the ass.  This has got to be the 2nd worse place I have ever been too.  There dogs are no better than what you buy at the store, so save yourself time and money and just go to the grocery store.  For 4.29 I got a foot long dog that was saturated in crap!  I couldn't find the dog at first and had to get a spoon and scrape everything off.  There were more topping than dog.  If you don't like toasted buns, don't go here.  I HATE toasted hot dog buns WITH A PASSION and they do it here, without asking if that's what you want.  What I make at home was also more tastier.\n\nI also asked for a strawberry shake, because, really.... how can you mess up a strawberry shake.  Well, they did.  It wasn't that cold.  It was lumpy with what you might call frozen strawberries but it wasn't cold or thick at all.  Almost as if they let ice cream thaw, then scooped it into a glass and let it sit for awhile.  EWWWWWWW!\n\nSave yourself trouble and got to McDonalds if you're really in a hurry and can't go to the grocery store.\n\nThe staff is ok, but not on my list of nicest people in the world.  I got the feeling there were more concerned with sales than pleasing people.  Small parking and one car runner ran into me on the way in.  \nDON'T GO HERE!
5	Drove by after a long run and we were curious... No expectations...and were super happy after! We were pretty hungry, order a Carolina dog and Chicago dog (yum yum).  The all beef dogs are excellent and they have a good choice of hot dogs types.  The Buckeye shake was delightful, but we love PB and chocolate so you can't go wrong.  The fries were basic.  Would stop back if ever in the area again!
1	1st try we sat in parking lot with lights on for 15 minutes.  No service, no one even looked our way.  The only people waited on were the ones under the canopy.  No signs anywhere that they only have service under awning.  Swenson's services their whole lot!\n\n2nd visit I got a spot under the canopy.  Waitress came to car and wanted me to order.  No menu boards, no menu, I ordered 2 dogs and Onion Rings.  Ordered 1 all beef and 1 natural with the same topping and an order of onion rings to go.  Both dogs barely warm and 1 had the correct toppings, the other one had I don't know what on it, some sort of hot relish maybe?  Onions rings were the greasiest I've ever had!  Great concept that failed to deliver!!
4	Best Chicago Dogs around. Vienna hot dogs would be better, but these are the best we've had in the area! Kind of pricey, but cheaper than driving to Chicago! ;)
5	Talk about living the old car hop idea.  Retro Dog has amazing food and awesome service.  Their milk shakes are amazing.  The flavor combinations are always spot on.  You can go in or have the car hop come out and bring you your food.  Love it.
5	Delicious natural casing dogs with a variety of toppings, great milkshakes, awesome design. Very happy to have this new addition to the scene.\n\nEDIT: After many return visits I can say the quality is consistent and the staff is always very friendly and competent. It has become my favorite \"fast food\" stop. Oh, and try the Retro Burger, it is, dare I say, better than a Swenson's Galley Boy. I know, blasphemy, but true.
4	Nice variety of dogs and burgers. Place has tasty vegetarian alternatives. Come alone, with friends, family or just you and the kids.
1	I was the only car at curbside, yet it took 5 minutes for someone to bring me a menu.  I paid $22 plus for a cheeseburger, veggie dog, two orders of fries (which were very small) and 2 shakes.  The cheeseburger was not edible.  It was fatty and there was so much salt on it that I had to throw it out.  While good, the fries were in a really small cup.  I could pay the same price and get a large overflowing cup at Five Guys.  The only good thing from the whole experience was the free trade coffee shake.  Won't be back for the food.
5	Great local joint with an old fashion car hop service or eat in there dining area bar stools and tables.\n\nThey have great dogs, burgers made to perfection with all kinds of toppings.  The dogs are great love the Chicago dog best in the area.  The shakes and ice cream can't go wrong and try the old fashion root beer float.
1	This place was gross! The best thing on the hot dog was the mustard I had Conney sauce and Cole slaw and they were no good. And on top of it the Server that came to the car was rude. They didn't say hello...how are you...nothing! They just handed a menu thru the window and said turn on your lights when you're ready to order. Then when we were done they never said how was everything...nothing! Even tho they seen my brothers hot dog only had one bite missing from it because it was so nasty! For a $4 dog and service like that this place doesn't even deserve a 1/4 of a star!!
5	Really great food! A nice variety of hot dogs, toppings, and sauces. They also have burgers and fries.  We ordered a footlong dog, a natural casing dog with bacon, and the home on the range fries. Amazing! The fries were a bit spicer than expected, so we \"had\" to order ice cream. Darn. :)\n\nOverall, a really great little place. I'll be back soon.
4	If you want to relive your misspent youth, or get a flavor of where to go after the sock hop ends, this is the place. Tasty, tasty hot dogs, hamburgers, and the usual sides, plus milkshakes and other desserts. Pull up and order from your car, or sit outside or inside. I often get a hankerin' for a coney dog in the summer, and I really enjoyed the Retro Dog. Hot dog was perfect and a nice soft bun to keep the coney sauce to hot dog ratio just right. The Carolina dog had a flavorful complement of coleslaw for a mellow blend of dog and vegs. Got cheesy bacon fries, which have some heat due to the spicy fries coating. Onion rings were also good. They are also open late when there are events going on at Blossom.
1	Heard this place was terrible from a family friend & wish I would've taken his opinion to heart. My fiance & I were scouting Retro Dog out for possibly having their food truck for our wedding reception but they instantly failed. \n\nI am a french fries queen! I can tell you who has the best fresh cut, frozen, sweet potato, etc fries around and Retro Dog is not one of them. They claim to be fresh cut but they tasted a little frozen. My fries were not raw but were definitely not cooked long enough (no crisp, just limp d*ck). Sadly, bathing them in a small cup of salt & malt vinegar didn't save the day. \n\nThen my fiance ordered their Chicago & White dog but said they weren't very good & he could've made better at home. He also ordered their tempura onion rings- F**king disgusting!!!! The onions inside were cut way too thick & therefore weren't cooked all the way.  The batter tasted like idk what- a really bad knock off of Arby's curly fries &, again, was undercooked & greasy. Even if I had just gotten off of a crappy 12 hour shift at work with no break and an hour long drive home I wouldn't eat their food. Less than 15 minutes later I got heart burn so...\n\n\nAs for their service- not bad, but their Root beer float was the only good thing that I had. But i must admit, I love the concept & the decor- just not the food!
2	Soooooo disappointed.  As others had mentioned the onion rings are horrible...just rings of grease. The actual hot dog and burger were tasty...but bread and stuff not so much. I've had better root beer...odd after taste. We gave you a try...there is potential.
5	Good hot dogs. Good root beer. Not a chain. Good times.
5	I was very impressed with RETRO Dog. As an ovo-lacto vegetarian (I eat eggs and dairy products), I am never sure if somewhere that specializes in hot dogs will have any options for me, but RETRO Dog has not one but three vegetarian entrees--a veggie dog, a veggie Italian sausage, and a black bean burger. They also offer veggie chili, veggie coney sauce, and veggie cheese fries.\n\nI had a veggie dog with veggie coney sauce and cole slaw and a side of onion rings. The dog had a pleasant texture and flavor and the toppings were scrumptious. I have tried quite a few veggie dogs in my day and this was definitely one of the best. The onion rings were unlike any other rings I have tried. The batter had an interesting flavor and was not crumbly like many other rings, but it was crisp and delicious. I also enjoyed the zesty sauce that accompanied the rings.\n\nI chose the locally-brewed root beer for my beverage and I was not disappointed. The flavor was mellow and not overly sweet and it was served in a fancy chilled mug. \n\nMy dining companions ordered a veggie Italian sausage, a RETRO Dog, a Red Hot, and a couple other meat dogs and everyone was satisfied. We also happened to go on a buy one, get one free hot dog day, which was a pleasant surprise for the pocket book. \n\nWe chose to eat inside, rather than utilizing the Swenson's-style carports. They looked fine, if that's your thing. The atmosphere inside is a fun mix of retro kitsch and contemporary. The chairs are surprisingly comfortable and the service was efficient and friendly. \n\nI highly recommend RETRO Dog. I will definitely be returning to sample the rest of the vegetarian delights and specialty sodas.
5	Here to tell you I think this place is off the hook!  I was excited to try it & was not disappointed.  At first I thought they were a little pricey, but put things in perspective.  The ingrediants are of higher quality than you would think.\n\nWent on a Sunday afternoon & it wasn't crowded at all.  Four of us sat at the counter and talked to the friendly staff members the whole time.  I ordered the Chicago dog & really loved it!  Boyfriend got the Carolina dog & he loved it!  The boys got the Coney dogs and wanted more.  Nom, Nom, Nom...\n\nFew things worth noting... I am a designer and I was digging everythig about this place!  The layout, the lighting, the surface materials, the graphic design, etc.  I can really appreciate all of the nice, clean details this place offers.  I even took a pic of the rest room!  A+ to the design team!\n\nThey even have nice, thick, soft napkins which were like a luxury!  I want to work here just so I can get a red pair of Converse! Seriously,  I love their uniforms, very cool.  If they sold their shirts I would buy one!  Love the artwork & colors.  Again, well done & kudos to the artist!
2	(6-18-12) My daughter had a Noon appointment not far away - pulled in at 11:05am figuring a hot dog joint should be able to get us in and out within 30 minutes. Boy was i wrong I had to FLAG DOWN a server @ 11:40 just to take back the menu since i knew we wouldn't have time to order and eat. I sat there with my lights on from 11:20 until 11:40 waiting for someone to take my order. Several servers looked like they were afraid to talk to people as they run back and forth looking at the ground. At one point i counted 6 cars under the canopy with lights on and no one around. One employee stood in the front of the building (apparently on break) just looking at all the cars with lights on. MANAGER NOWHERE TO BE FOUND. I will try again as they are new and hopefully everyone will be better trained.
4	Overall fantastic place. The decor is very cool and the food is good. Even if you are not a fan of hot dogs, they do have burgers (including a black bean burger!) and chicken options. I had the original retro dog- diced onions, chili, and cheese. It was quite yummy. There was a hint of cinnamon in the chili that I could have done without but it was still delicious! My combo also came with a side of home-style fries which were surprisingly crunchy as well as tasty. \n\nRetro dog also offers a variety of retro sodas- cream soda, black cherry, root beer and so on. The root beer is actually their own recipe and made locally. It was a sweeter take on root beer than most places, so if you like sweet pop, you will definitely be a fan :) plus it comes in a frosted mug, just like all root beer should!\n\nCustomer service was fine, seems they have worked out any kinks they may have had since opening earlier this summer. I know I will be going back!
2	I recently dined here and was very disappointed. I have dined at many different hot dog establishments and this one was overpriced in my opinion. The fries were over seasoned, making them very salty and inedible. I enjoyed the snap of the hot dog, but didn't find it to be a hot dog I would throughly enjoy eating again. I also had a float, it was ok but I feel it was overpriced. 2 fries, 1 hot dog, 1 foot long and 2 floats equated to almost $30. Sorry to say, I won't be coming back.
5	Loved it since it opened. Everything's great but be sure to ask for your dog ungrilled if you don't like the charring. I like it like that but my kids don't.
4	This place is good.  The hot dogs are excellent and the burgers are good.  They seem like decent people and are friendly.\n\nMy biggest complaint  is that it is a bit on the expensive side.  We go here fairly regularly.
4	I didn't get a hot dog, but I did get the ice cream sandwich.  I would give just the ice cream sandwich five stars!  The butter pecan and caramel cookie ice cream sandwich was recommended to me by the cashier.  She did not lead me astray.  Two huge cookies with ice cream (which was at least 1.5 inches thick).  I would go back just for that delightful treat.  \nI also got the chocolate malt, which was very good, but not great.  \nEverything else looked decent in the pictures, but I did not partake.
2	The Red Hot was very soggy. My bun fell apart. The Chicago Dog has good flavor, but the wiener was nothing to write home about. Overpriced and flies all over.
2	Great service, OK food.  It seemed like everything was just a little off.  I had the Retro Dog and onion rings and the hubs got the Carolina Dog with fries.  The hot dog itself was really good... Mellow taste, nice snap... but the coney sauce was a turn off.  Very sweet, not much spice.  My husband said his Carolina dog was good, but he said he would try something else next time.  The onion rings really had me excited because they looked perfect... they weren't.  The spices in the tempura overwhelmed any onion flavor that might have been there and they were SO GREASY!  I ate one and a half rings and had to stop.  The fries were just OK too and needed to have salt added to them.  They had a really nice natural potato flavor but they tasted like they'd been sitting around for a while, which seems implausible considering how busy they were.  We also ordered the root beer and the flavor was not unpleasant, but it was very flat.  Considering how very sweet it is, it could have used more carbonation.  \n\nI would like to return to Retro Dog and try a dog with just mustard.  Of course, we also need to try the custard!
5	Nice little \"drive-in\" diner. It's literally in the middle of nowhere but worth the trip. We went on the behest of my brother in law, and couldn't have been more satisfied. Actually ordered a couple hot dogs and the wife got a burger. The meat was seasoned well (pause) and the dogs were grilled perfectly. Ordered the loaded fries (tip: you can go for the regular size portion if sharing with another person, it's plenty!) and was stuffed the rest of the day and we ate there at 5PM. Staff was super friendly and helpful with our order.\n\nWill definitely be back. To get more food, because why not?!
5	BING BANG BOOM BABY! This place is baller. From the Chicken Sandwich to the Hot Dog to the kick Ass Shakes. I love this place! Gets me feeling craZy!!!! Killer stop after cruising the valley on your mid 90s hog.\n\nSeedable-
1	Cool LOOKING place but about $25 for 2 chili dogs 2 fries and some sodas was WAYYYYY TOOO MUCH MONEY and while it was a cool looking place....I would NOT go back only because of the sky high prices.
1	Owner could not even take the time to address concerns with management and bullying of employees. Terrible treatment, service, and management. Will NEVER get my business again.
5	What can I say about the food. It's awesome. Great family atmosphere. The onion rings are amazing and even the chicken sandwich is good. But skip that, grab a dog.
2	It's an unusually warm day, almost 60 degrees, and I thought you need to go eat at a drive-in and take in the balmy day. I've been to Retro Dog once, not long after it opened, and I wasn't impressed but I thought give it another shot. This was going to be a 3-star review until after I finished eating, turned on my lights, waited 15 minutes, then had to CALL them to come out and take my money. The young man really was giving good curb service until the end. He was very apologetic, but come on, he saw my lights on as did another young man. They took care of 3 other cars and ignored me. Anyway, as to the food, it was just ok and pricey for the quality, $10.55 for a bacon cheeseburger, small fries, and small Coke. Nothing I couldn't have made at home better. No next time for Retro Dog.
4	Even though I planned my weekend in the Akron area around burger joints, beer and baseball, I couldn't pass up a hot dog place so close to my hotel.  You know, just for a snack.\n\nFor some reason, I was feeling adventurous that day.  I went against my instincts and, at the recommendation of Liana E, I went with the veggie dog.  I got mine topped simply with just the special mayo mustard.  I also went, of course, with a cup of the locally brewed root beer.  I debated the growler when I saw them on the counter, but it seemed a bit pricey (I think it was $15 for the growler full of root beer).\n\nI took my cup and dog to go, but really just sat outside at one of the tables since it was such a nice day.  I unwrapped my dog and was surprised at it's size - bigger than I expected.  This was going to be more than a snack.  I took a bite.  And instantly my brain thought, \"This doesn't taste like a hot dog.\"  Then I remembered, duh, I ordered the veggie dog.  The taste was not unpleasant to my meat-loving sensibilities.  And the special mayo mustard, which I think was just mayo mixed with dijon mustard, had a nice flavor to it.  Though I'm not sure it was the best condiment for the veggie dog.  The root beer was aces.  I still regret not splurging on that growler.\n\nI've vowed to return to the area and I'd like Retro Dog to be part of it.  If I enjoyed the veggie dog so much, I can only imagine how much I'd like the meat hot dogs.  I also saw some amazing looking onion rings I'd like to give a try as well as some tasty looking desserts.  Seems like my kind of place.
2	I am a vegetarian. The veggie dog was not that good. It tasted a bit...old or dry maybe. The veggie chili was also a bit dry and very salty. There were lentils in it, but there just wasn't enough moisture to make it that enjoyable or enough cheese to save it.
4	Eaten here a handful of times. The hot dogs are good. They have nice snap when you bite into them. Burger decent. Nice to go to when your going to or coming back from Blossom. Root beer is good too. Worth a try. Use the coupons you get. I think the prices could be a bit better. But I'm cheap so I don't like to pay a lot for a hot dog. It's just a hot dog... But worth the try to see if you like it. Eat inside. Too messy to eat in your car. But it's cool to eat in your car so if you don't care then go for it.
4	I've been to Retro Dog several times including before, on and after the grand opening on June 17th. I'm not sure what people expect from a brand new concept restaurant in this area that's not even a franchise. I, myself, being a reasonable and realistic person who also manages people for a living, was prepared for the imperfections in service. The great part is there's already significant progress being made. \n\nThe food is really good. I've had the retro dog, the white hot, and kraut dog (so far, my fav), and am starting to have some fun building my own. The bean burger is very interesting and tasty! The veggie dog is also really good. I love that they have healthier, vegetarian options. But the ultimate is the Retro Dip. This is a cone of amazing deliciousness. Who knew I'd look forward to the very bottom of the cone as much as the top?
5	Randomly found this place after a concert at Blossom and overall I enjoyed it.\n\nService is quick and food is out quickly as well. I like the fact that they bake their own buns, definitely creates a different experience.\n\nPersonally, I'm a chili cheese dog man and was sad to see none on the menu. Never had tried a coney dog prior, instinctively I ordered one as well as a Chicago dog. As far as taste goes, it was definitely tasty, just not in the sense that I'm use to. The Chicago dog was excellent and PACKED with overflowing toppings and tasted great!\n\nMy SO got a coney dog as well and pretty much shared the same experience. She's a chili cheese dog person too. I know.. we're meant to be together haha.\n\nFries were fresh and their onion rings were unique and intimidating but definitely delicious! Loved every bite.\n\nAnd last but not least, their MILKSHAKES. Thick and flavorful, just like a traditional milkshake should be. Chocolatey goodness!!!!\n\nI'd definitely come back again!
5	Traveling through town, we were looking for an inexpensive, quick, unique place for lunch. This is certainly it.  Wonderful hot dogs and great frozen custard. The atmosphere is great but the highlight had to be the onion rings. Wonderful batter, crispy and delicious. Would certainly recommend this place. Our family of 4 ate lunch for about $34 without custard.
5	I just loved this place! Neat atmosphere and the entire staff was friendly and helpful! I got the Hula Burger and BLT Fries - loved the hula sauce and burger! The fries were very good too - but next time I'd get the fries with hula sauce on them. \n\nThey have very cool ice cream options too! One of cups has a sundae at the bottom and a milk shake poured over it!\n\nI can't wait to take my family here! These kind of burger/hot dog joints are my new favorite places to find!
2	Huge disappointment. Great concept, great atmosphere. However, food was less than. Hot dog and fries were overcooked to the point of being burnt. The onion rings were the only good part of our meal. It was sad as our expectations were high.
5	I have never had a negative experience here! Quick service, food is ready quickly, servers are sweet. Cream soda is addicting! The hot dogs and burgers are delish! We have been coming here since they opened. Only thing we have never done is go inside to eat. It's always so fun eating in the car with the kids!! You should eat here!!
1	When I drove by I had high hopes.  Not so much after stopping in.   The dogs were just ok.  I got the White Hot and a regular with Coney sauce.  The wife got a Kraut dog.  We each had an order of fries.  Mine were the garlic Parmesan hers were the rosemary.   We couldn't tell the difference between the two.  There was not enough salt/flavoring on either of them to tell the difference.  The Coney sauce tasted burnt.  The Kraut dog was just okay.  The white hot was just fine. And last of all the prices were very high.  We wont be back which is a shame.  The decor is great. The service was fine.    The place could be great it just needs some work and better quality control and 15 to 20% lower pricing.
4	very good tasting hot dogs, a lot of options for toppings. a little bit more expensive than you'd want just for hot dogs, but the atmosphere is awesome and there's a lot of menu choices. I would recommend.
2	The beef hot dog tasted like a regular pork hot dog. No\"snap\". Very disappointing. The fries were good. I won't be back.
5	Chicago dog was delicious.  My husband had a double cheeseburger was probably the best cheeseburger Ive had in while.
5	My significant other and I have been frequenting this establishment since it opened. We could probably walk there in less than ten minutes. He loves the natural casing hot dogs and I love the Retro burger. Both are an incredible quality at a great price. They also have some of the best seasoned fries around. I throughly enjoy all of their frozen treats as well. They make a frozen custard marble that is amazing, with any topic you can think of, plus their milkshake selection is seriously impressive. I dig the curb side dining experience, and Retrodog is doing it much better than any of the other competitors around. The staff is always sweet, quick and you can tell that they enjoy working there. Great customer service. Oh yeah, and they make homemade root beer that is very good and unique. It's a must try. I'll never go back to a Swensons/Skyway/A&W ever again. The quality of food alone makes them stand out above the competition. IMO they are the number one burger/hotdog/fries experience in the Akron area.
5	This place is great! The white hot (veal/pork) dog is amazing! The shakes are amazing and their hula ghost burger BLEW MY MIND! made with a ghost chili sauce with bacon, grilled onion and pineapple makes for a burger that's out of this world!
5	Seriously. Banzai burger. Best I have ever ever had.  Everything at this old school/new school place...reasonable prices and tasty service...
5	I tried this place today and it was really good! I ordered the retro veggie dog and cheese fries. The retro dog was really good it came with chili, mustard and onions. Being an all vegetarian meal I was pretty pleased. The cheese fries were fantastic! Crispy and the cheese was yum! We will be back.
2	Save your money. Onion rings were dripping in grease! Hamburger had no flavor. My third time here it's good in theory, just not in execution.
5	Was down in the area for some hiking and remembered seeing some good things about this place. Retro Dog is really in the middle of nowhere which explains why it wasn't so busy but easy enough to get to once you know what streets to take. The car hoppers came out very quick, gave us the extensive menu, and came back out just as quickly when we were ready to order. The shakes were DELICIOUS and the hot dogs were very good too. Good choice of bun as well. The fries with cheese sauce and bacon were also very good.\n\nOverall, my wife and I definitely enjoyed it. We put it right up next to Swenson's as one of our favorite places to go for food. Very good!
4	Did a Hula burger, it was different but pretty good. Onion rings are awesome! Coleslaw was not all that good.
5	Man do I love Retro Dog!! This awesome mom and pop business does not disappoint.    \n\nIt's a hot dog place, so of course the dogs are wonderful (my favorite is the Carolina) but that doesn't mean you should shy away from the burgers! Whenever I'm really hungry I get a Hula burger. Provolone cheese, lettuce, grilled onions, bacon, and a pineapple slice all doused in this incredible spicy hula sauce. Yum!\n\nDon't forget to save room for custard! Not ice cream, but delicious, creamy custard. There is not a single thing on the desert menu that I wouldn't get. \n\nThe service is very friendly and helpful! They genuinely seem to be very happy at this establishment. Not the usual disgruntled employees. The managers are just as wonderful! Always making sure you're happy, and that your visit is a good one.\n\nThis place is unlike any other restaurant I've been to, and I always recommend it to anyone who is ever going through that area. I love retro dog!
4	I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews! I went for the grand opening and while we waited for our food it was so worth the wait. I'm a hot dog snob, expect to pay more for it and was not disappointed. The natural casing dog was perfectly crisped in the outside, flavorful on the inside. I ordered the Kraut Dog, kraut, pickles, mustard, delicious! We shared the chili fries that really hit the spot and finished it off with their house root beer. I'll definitely be going back to try the rest if the menu soon... Especially the chili dog.
1	We were here on a weekday afternoon.  I had a white hot dog and my companions had Chicago dogs.  Mine was acceptable.  Their hot dogs were not great.  If you strip away the bun and the toppings, the hot dogs should be amazing.  They were very flat.  There is a huge difference between cheap hot dogs and flavorful hot dogs and these were generic at best.  The hand cut fries were decent but not amazing.  The onion rings were awful, full of grease, and well done.  The dip for the onion rings would be better if it was a full flavor mustard.  The service was quick.  The prices and portions were acceptable until we ate the food.  We were seriously disappointed.
5	This place was great. I don't understand the poor reviews. One of the best hot dogs I've ever had. Milkshake was solid as well.\n\nAnd the poor waitress braved a monsoon to take our order quickly. \n\nCan't wait to go back.
4	Excellent local restaurant for grilled American fare. The selection of burgers, hot dogs, shakes and fried foods is just incredible. There are also vegetation options (dogs and burgers) which is greatly appreciated! The place is clean and neat, and the service is quick and modernized (they use iPhones to ring you out). One minor issue - the hot dogs and burgers are great, but the buns themselves are either too big or too soggy.  The food is incredible, but a better bun makes a even better sandwich.
5	I can't believe some of the complaints on here! Retro dog is awesome plain and simple, if you don't like something you picked out build your own meal! They offer that. Any who, never have had a bad meal, in fact we drive from North Royalton/Strongsville just to have there food! There hot dogs &&& burgers are to die for, seriously! The prices I don't mind at all either because I work at a family establishment and times are tough and so are soaring prices in the food industry! We love you retro dog!
1	Harold and Kumar traveled how far for these dumb burgers...\n\nTotally not worth the hype. My ex stoner roommate was obsessed with White Castle and used to buy the frozen ones.. So when I tried these for the 1st time I couldn't believe how it tastes exactly the same (yuk)\n\nPeople were buying them by the case when we walked in, total disappointment. People in the east coast got it all wrong these soggy sliders are crappy. Another reason the west coast rules.
1	Need to be a teenager, drunk, or stoned. It took 15 minutes for a single to go original slider. Greasy, heavy on saut\u00e9ed onion, very thin patty with very little texture... I'll take a McDonald's hamburger any day. Looked better in the movies.
2	This is seriously overrated!! They are really just burgers mini sized. My fiance scarfed down 4 mini burgers. Their fries were gross. It was not salted. I ordered their chicken rings and it was really just chicken nuggets in a different shape. AND it's expensive!
2	Set your expectations really low when coming here and you might not hate yourself too much for spending your well earned dollars here.  \n\nThere was nothing memorable about having them.  We came here for the novelty of trying it out just once for the sake of Harold and Kumar Goes to White Castle.\n\nI'll give it an extra star because I think these things would make great drunken munchie meals, but then again, so would everything else.
5	Yes, there is now a White Castle located on the strip in Las Vegas. Everyone who wants to try them without going to the Midwest/East coast can now have a taste of the well known slider. I have enjoyed White Castle before in Chicago and found that they are quite tasty and I can put a few back. My cousin always orders them with extra pickles.  I should have remembered that when eating them in Vegas.  I forgot that tidbit, but they were still really good. I really wish they had a location in Denver.  That would make my year.  The best 2 things about the one on the strip, they are open 24 hours and they sell beer.  What can make this place better? Well, it is also attached to a casino! The place was hoping and cranking out burgers at a rapid rate.  If you haven't tried White Castle, now is your time.
5	Got to get em hot fresh off the grill! No you can't take these Lil babies home. They get cold quick. They don't sit on your belly all day. It's a reason people in Saint Louis call them sliders. Lol Yes my husband is from Saint Louis so I have a degree in the fine art of White Castle. You order these when their is a long line. You sit and eat them. I enjoy them most when I have been dancing all night and the club is closed and it's 3am. And all my friends meet up to have these. Omg the fries are great with cheese. And the breakfast sandwich is devine. I give them five stars!
5	Thoroughly enjoyed the Midwest sliders. Freshly made and tasty. Brought back memories from Chicago late night slider runs.  They have onion \"chip\" rather than full onion rings. Think onion rings cut into pieces. \nAnd being Las Vegas, this White Castle serves beer - keep that buzz going! \nFriendly staff and a dining room cleaning crew that was constantly keeping the place clean.
4	Very small restaurant capitalizing off the brand's nostalgia and charm. They sell their signature miniature \"slider\" sized burgers at an overpriced rate. This seems to be the selling gimmick for White Castle, luring in drunk gamblers or curious tourists to stop in. \n\nThe restaurant itself is attached to the casino of the Venetian I believe. It is located on the Strip, with a one door entry point. A long line of hungry customers fills the restaurant, although it moves rather quickly. There are only 5-6 tables, with 2 larger bar-stool type tables for seating. As you reach closer to the register, you are welcomed with a better view to the behind-the-scenes look of White Castle. Rapid hands swiftly assemble buns amongst grilled onions and juicy meat patties, exchanging between different work stations to finally end up placed in a singular order, ready for the customer. \n\nA large glass window display showcases some of the White Castle souvenirs that are available to purchase to take home. A $10 coffee cup or a $25 T-shirt? Not for me but maybe for others. \n\nLast, but certainly not least, was the food. If you're familiar with the case and recognition of White Castle, then eating at the actual location only provides a slightly more fresh experience than the frozen, store-bought burgers. The buns are much softer and are squishy to the touch. The taste and aroma of the grilled onions complement the meat patty. It's White Castle, there isn't much too glorify about it or expect. \n\nMy experience was pleasant, but to each their own. For $8.99 you can get 4 Cheese Sliders, a small fry and a small drink. The price is consistent with the glamorization of the branding. I ate each slider in about 2 bites and was still hungry afterwards, but didn't want to face waiting in a long line again. \n\nIf you are nearby in the area, take a look!
4	More of a nostalgia thing for me growing up in Minneapolis and eating them as a kid.  Price seemed always right and always fresh and delicious.  That thing they do with the onions is over the top.  Not as good a burger as I remember as a kid but maybe I have eaten too many celebrity chef burgers and acquired a different taste.  Hard to park to get there but if you're in the neighborhood pick up a few and enjoy.  Fast and friendly service and smells great.
2	Ok so I'm not from the east coast so I've tried many burgers in Vegas and I was pretty disappointed with these. \n\nFood: \nCheese sliders- 2/5 I ordered the cheese sliders. The burgers were small and pricey. I didn't like the smell of them and I didn't like how it tasted like a burger from any other franchised restaurant. Nothing stood out for me. \n\nChicken rings- 1/5 Seriously don't get these. They are crispy but flavorless and super thin. Honestly thought McDonalds chicken nuggets were better. \n\nFrench fries- 2/5 Fries were a bit soggy. But these were my favorite out of all the stuff I ordered. \n\nService is GOOD! 4/5:\nExpect a long wait. I waited in line for more than an hour but I got my food in less than 5 mins! They are friendly and efficient!! They try to make the wait bearable by talking to you, which I thought was neat. \n\nOverall if your a person who likes a burger with flavor and who has ate many flavorful burgers, White Castle isn't for you. I was quite disappointed but many other people love the simplicity of their food. This joint just wasn't for me.
4	The wait is long, but definitely worth it! I wish there was one in So. Cal so I can have it more often than twice a year. The service is definitely quick and accommodating.
2	I really don't get the whole hype about this place. I mean it's a bit different in the way they serve their burgers but I felt I couldn't really enjoy it entirely because they serve them in bite-size pattys. \n\nI was hoping it would of felt like a meal but honestly it felt like a mid-day snack before lunch. Fries are good but I don't think I will be coming back to try it again. Unless someone can convince me that there is a must try item on their menu. I'll stick to regular in n out. Service here was horrible. The one thing that did bug me was when our order was called. My friend was already heading to pick it up and the lady begins to speak on the Mic. \"Number ???, you will find your number if you have  looked in your receipt on the bottom part of it.\"  And I mean she said it with an attitude as if we didn't know it was there. So unnecessary and uncalled for.
1	This place is literally the worst place I have ever been. (Service-wise). The food is relatively standard-ware. I came and waited in line with 3 of my friends on an afternoon, and waited about 20 minutes in line to place my order. I understand that places get busy, so it was acceptable.\n\nHowever, after about 30 minutes of waiting for our orders, my friends all got their orders, but I still had not yet received mine. I inquired several times about my order, and where it was in the queue. My friends finished eating, and we kept waiting around.\n\nEach time I asked, the person handing out the food would promptly dismiss me, and even the manager bluntly and rudely told me they serve hundreds of burgers a day, and it would come out soon enough. \n\nAlso note - my order number was 374, but they kept on calling order 274 out. I asked if they perhaps had my order ready, but they told me no, they had Order 274 ready, and that it was not my order.\n\nNow, about 1.5 hours after entering the restaurant, and an hour after placing my order, I demanded that they finally look inside the bag, and the manager who had been extremely rude finally conceded that they had mislabeled my order.\n\nInstead of offering anything to help make it better, they only offered me a brownie, which means that they valued wasting about an extra hour of my time at ~2 dollars.\n\nIf they had merely checked the queue the first time I asked, no problems would have occurred, and we could have resolved all the issues. Instead, this Whitecastle decides to run as if the customer is always wrong, and will stonewall and lie to you about your order.\n\nOnce a mistake is also made, they will make a measly effort to fix their problems.\n\nI strongly recommend you go elsewhere for a burger fix in Vegas.
4	Listen folks....White Castle is not for everyone.  If you're curious about these little cooked to order sliders just try one or two at the most. I definitely don't recommend a full meal.  Vegas location means Vegas prices. It may not be worth it to you. Now for all the lovers & fans of this tasty little spot..... be prepared for greatness! Its always super busy here which is assurance that everything is fresh, hot, & ready to go. They ppl here a great system to get you in & out. You can even see them cooked the burgers, grill the onions, & steam the buns while placing your order....but i must warn you...be prepared to pay Vegas prices. Hope this helps!
4	I've always wanted to try this place BC people always says it's good. Well they were right. I love the fish and chicken breast burgers.
1	white castle is a horrible  place to work! my son n law worked his first shift and was locked in a freezer multiple  times,made fun of because Edward and Francisco didn't  like his name,they refused to teach to teach him his job even though they were suppose  to train him, and he didn't  get a lunch or breaks until the two boys got off shift and an actual manager was working and gave him a lunch break his last he of work! I will most definitely  be contacting an attorney! go back to the east coast white castle we don't  need companies  like yours here if your going to treat people poorly! remember  bullying  is not tolerated!
4	First of all this opened 15 hours ago. The wait was not that long considering I ordered a crate w/cheese (100 sliders w/cheese). The manager maintained eye contact with everyone on line (less than 20 people at 530am). I seen over 400 burgers leave in the 15 minutes I was there. The place was clean and I could not smell smoke (it's inside a casino).
4	Cute little burgers. Good ratio of onions and pickles. Kind of wish it had already come with ketchup or mayo inside. I guess this place is really only for those who know what to expect. If not, kind of setting yourself up for failure.
5	I like this place. The workers have great customer service and their services are fast. I seen a couple complaints that this place is similar to the frozen stuff.  Um.. yeah... shouldnt it be??  If i owned a restaurant and decided to sell my food to the grocery stores, i would want it to taste like it was the same as dining in.  \nLas Vegas is a tourists city and I'm very grateful for restaurants from around the world to land here.  It's very welcoming for those that moved out here and miss what they grew up with.
4	I agree with most people that White Castle is a bit overrated.  The fries are akin to the ones you got in grade school cafeterias.  The sliders are tasty.\n\nThe service was good.  We came by at 11am on a Monday and ordered a 10 slider pack.  There was only one couple in front of us but we got our food within a minute after ordering.
4	Oh my...\n\nAs a person who has at times struggled with weight I have to say that going to the Las Vegas White Castle location was the biggest boost of self confidence.\n\nThe average circumference of the people that were there to eat was over the morbidly obese range...one guy had a gut that was drooping over his shorts.  And I saw a few order the 100 burger box...I actually couldn't help myself but stare several times...I felt instant guilt and wondered how many children in the Philippines were hungry\n\nI liked the burgers but after seeing what can't be unseen...I won't be going back and I'll be heading to church to pray and to the gym to run
4	My mom use to buy these babies at the grocery store all the time but I finally got to try this place out!  I loved it!! I am sure people love it when they are drunk as well but I was sober when I ate these!  The ones at the market do not have pickles in them but these do.  The taste so good with the cheese!!  Their fries are pretty good too as well as their fried onion things.  Kinda like onion rings.  I would definitely come back!  Too bad they don't sell it in singles.\n\nNOTE:\n-Extra charge for cheese (30 cents each)
2	So, I came here the last week I was living in Vegas hoping that it would be as amazing as Harold and Kumar show in their movie about how amazing White Castle is.  I literally went on a journey from Reno to Las Vegas, then finally got to White Castle with high hopes.\nYea there was a long line (its Vegas, there are long lines everywhere and long wait times in Vegas on the strip).\nWe got our food quickly, but oh my gawd it was disgusting.  I am so disappointed that the burgers were watery, like they were frozen and not cooked all the way.\nThe sliders filled me up quickly, but it was not satisfying. Definitely really expensive and not worth the price. \nDont expect to have that amazing experience there, unless you are super drunk or high and dont care what you put in your mouth. Fries were ok.
1	There is nothing special about this place. Read the Yelp Reviews and trust them! Do not come here! Harold and Kumar promoted this place like no other so everyone had to come try them, I was one of those people.\n\nThe sliders are worse than the ones sold in the frozen foods section. It is small and will fit into the size of your palm. The bread was slightly warm and soggy. The patty was dry. The small pickle was lying naked alongside small speckles of onions. It was not tasty at all. I had to squeeze a full bag of ketchup on it to give it life. For a dollar something each, I would rather walk myself to a McDonalds and order something off the dollar menu.\n\nMy boyfriend and I decided to come here because it was 5am and he was starving. Shake Shack and Rasising Canes were both closed so White Castle it was. The next morning, my boyfriend and I woke up with bad tummyaches. Luckily, our hotel had two bathrooms....
5	I turned the corner and there it was--HOLY SQUARE BURGERS, ITS WHITE CASTLE!  Been living in Washington for almost 20 years now and when I saw that blue and white--ITS WHITE CASTLE!  I know when I walk through the pearly gates, right next to the NY Pizza place will be a White Castle!
2	No. It's over rated because of its reputation but the food is not good. A single slider was 2.50 and that's as much as a burger at in-n-out. This is a \"only choice\" type of eat. Don't eat here if you have other options. Not to mention it's the only one in Vegas and for locals the parking and ordering and dealing with all those tourists is too ridiculous.
2	I expected better from here. The sliders weren't that tasty and became a chore to eat after a while. The chicken rings tasted like frozen dino nuggets (not even as good as Dino nuggets). I also had the vanilla milkshake, which was pretty good. It tasted like an In N Out shake, but sweeter. The fries weren't that bad either, I would eat them again. Lastly, the onion chips were probably the best out of the whole meal; they were really crispy and delicious. \n\nOverall, I wouldn't come back here by choice but it wasn't a HORRIBLE experience. Their staff was friendly and service was quick, impressive since it's pretty full..being on the strip and all. All and all, i say come and try it out for yourself. It just didn't meet my expectations.
1	I went there yesterday line was long, that wasn't the problem. The problem was there was no communication or organization. They were selling milkshakes and didn't even have them ready me and several other people had to wait a little too long for the rude manager. The lady screaming out the orders was very unorganized and rude. They need a better way of putting the food out when it's ready. And the worst part was when I get home I find out that one of the bags was burnt, it was like somebody left it next to a warmer and was like oops let me just put the bag where they can't see it. Really? You are gonna sell burnt burgers and bags? \nThe only positive thing was I did get my 30 burgers quickly and before other people, even though it was BURNT!! Seriously I never had so many problems in one place.
5	First time trying this burger joint and it didn't disappoint us.  For a family of 3, it was me, my wife & our 3 year old, i ordered the 4 cheeseburger sliders combo and extra 2 cheeseburger slider. I thought it was enough for us, but I had to order a few more lol.  For me its best to eatitwhen it is still warm, everything just melts in ur mouth, and im craving for it right now again while writing this review.\n\nI ordered a $5 chocolate shake too and that was also good!  Their service is really fast and food quality is great, that is why for me, they deserve a 5-star rating.  At the time that we were there, there was a good amount of people.  When I paid for my food they gave me a number, i went to go get my drink, a minute or two after, they called my number right away, so i was very satisfied.\n\nIts a small dining area, so It might be a little hard for you if you come here when there is a lot of people.\n\nWhen I come back to Vegas, I would definitely come back here.
4	11 years! That's how long it has been since Harold and Kumar made such a fuss about these tiny burgers, and how long I have been waiting to find out if it was worth it.  Spoiler: It kind of is.\n\nThe meat is really nothing special here.  It looks preformed from frozen (I could be wrong, but just my observation) and it very thin.  What makes this joint stand out is everything else in addition to the location.  The burgers grill on a flat top coated with onions to soak in flavor.  They are simply made with a couple leftover onions and a pickle, plus cheese if you pay extra.  No frills needed, or really requested for that matter.  The other options I tried were pretty basic type fast food, so nothing special I would go back for.\n\nThis location is 24/7 right on the Vegas strip and whether it was noon after a night of drinking, or 4am during a night of drinking - this place is gold! 4 bite burgers that are pretty cheap, freshly made in front of you and aren't super heavy.  I chowed down on 5 of them easily feeling satisfied without feeling sick the next day or really even feeling regret from eating anything overly greasy or poor quality.\n\nIn a regular fast food setting it would be just that to me.  A quick bite when I don't really care about what I'm eating the way most fast food is.  On the Vegas strip however, this is probably my new favorite stop during the night or before I get some sleep!
5	I've always wanted to try a White Castle and this is the only place in western US.\n\nThe burgers are more like small sliders, so order a few of them. They come with pickles and grilled onions, but they are very tasty!\n\nI also ordered 'onion chips'; Its like onion rings but in French fry form. They are really good.\n\nThe service was quick, the prices were reasonable (considering it's on the strip). I would definitely come back.
4	I've been wanting to try this place WAY before Harold & Kumar made it cool. I was pretty excited to hear that one opened up in Vegas. I've had friends who've gone to New York & eat it & they basically told me \"What you see, is what you get.\" \n\nTrue to word. I wasn't disappointed though. The line was ridiculous but it went by fast. We ordered almost everything on the menu & it was done pretty quick. The cheeseburgers were pretty good, the fries were lame, the onion chips WERE DELISH, the chicken rings were okay.\n\nI mean, its a fast food place - I don't know what people were really expecting.. lol.
1	OMFG.... I had low expectations for this place AND it still managed to underwhelm me. I've never had White Castle being from NorCal there isn't any close by. Ordered the #1 combo: 4 sliders, fries, drink. I couldn't even finish all the sliders... didn't want to ruin my appetite for a redemption dinner. \n\nIf you never had White Castle, don't worry you're not missing out on anything. Not even worth a try!
1	If I could give White Castle a negative star I would. I can't believe this place exists. We had a gift card and wanted to try it out. We ordered 40 mini sliders, fries and onion rings. The meat didn't even look or taste like meat, it was horrible. Everything was soggy and not eatable it felt like I was eating something foreign. The best part about the meal was the Powerade. Very upsetting.
1	I'm so glad we don't have these in Niagara Falls. These were the greasiest blandest fast food burgers iv'e ever had and they weren't cheap for what you got.
5	We drive up from the Phoenix area for White Castle. Husband is a WC freak! I grew up in No Cal, so I only knew from the movies. ;) He says they are far better than the microwave / grocery store heat and eat. We did a drive across the good ol' USA last summer (from coast to coast) and I honestly can't tell the difference between Las Vegas and St Louis. Which is a good thing. They taste the same here as they did on the East Coast.
5	College at Ohio State and these things were a regular food item for us. I haven't had a \"fresh\" one in 15 years! These were the highlight of my trip to Vegas. Are they kinda crappy? Yes, but if you're from Ohio you get it. You know why we love them. The atmosphere isn't so great, homeless walking up to you asking for money is a bit of a downer when you're relishing your first bite in over a century but it's Vegas, so whatever.
1	This place shouldn't receive any stars. My husband and I were looking forward to their great food. When we finally had a chance to go, the service was horrible and the food was worse than hospital food. The burgers meat were tasteless and the fries were soggy. Their soda machine had post-its on every other drink being out of order. Plus, we both ended up getting a stomach ache and the runs that night.
1	Exactly like the frozen, eating them\nAt 5am in Vegas didn't even improve the taste. Have know idea what hArold or kumar were all hyped about. Shitz wack!!!!
5	I never heard of White Castle till I watched Harold and Kumar. It never dawned to me till I seen it while in Vegas. The line gets really long (which is normal on the Strip). They are small portions so get a few.  It is kinda pricey but I thought it was really good. I would choose White Castle over Innout any day now..
1	Soooo disappointed! Harold and Kumar don't know what a good burger tastes like... sliders tasted like it was microwaved I threw it away I couldn't take another bite. Just thinking about those nasty onions makes my stomach turn ... BLAH!
1	Shit, for the price we paid I assumed that when I ate it, i'd taste the damn meat instead it felt like I was eating only the bun. Their meat is as flat and thin as the cheese..... I enjoyed more seeing the options of drinks than I did eating the meal... Fries were not salted and tables were dirty and filled with a lot of mess from previous people.
2	Right next to Harrah's along the strip.\n\nSure, you don't have to go to the East Coast for this. On the other hand, you're better off getting something else.\n\nThe sliders were alright. Ended up getting the 20-pack with two fries. Add cheese to them and it's a little extra. Also ordered some mozzarella sticks. Total came to just under $40. If you buy the slider packs, it would be cheaper than buying 2 or 3 meals that come with maybe 3 sliders and a drink and fries. Up to you what you wanna do.\n\nIt's good to try. But I'm probably going to skip this and find another 24-hour place for something quick.
5	White Castle burgers give you the munchies without smoking pot. I grew up with White Castle burgers and I love them. They are unique. They do not taste like any other burgers you may have eaten. They are 'steam' grilled and this gives them a unique flavor and texture. \n\nIf you go to White Castle with any kind of preconceived notions of what a burger is supposed to taste like, you will be disappointed. This is where the negative reviews come from; people who are going to White Castle for the first time who are expecting something different. All I can tell these people is that, unless you've grown up with White Castle burgers, they are an acquired taste. They are the caviar of fast food burgers.\n\nYou may not like White Castle burgers the first time you try them. But, after you eat them few times, you'll wake up at 3 a.m. some night and find yourself craving them. Those of us who grew up with them understand this. As I said, White Castle burgers give you the munchies without smoking pot.
5	Oh I love you White Castle! The most amazing place. Only in Vegas can you get a 6 pack of burgers and beer! Sweet combo! I'll be back very soon!
4	So you're drunk on the Strip and you want that delicious but poor food choice. Yep White Castle fits the bill. The sliders are little bites of heaven which do a great job coating your alcohol laden belly. Being originally from Detroit there was a White Castle on every corner so it wasn't an urgent run to try them when they arrived on the Strip. Being drunk and at Harrah's seeing the White Castle was like a beacon calling us over. The place was packed as we weren't the only ones with the same brilliant idea. The cashiers do a pretty efficient job filling all the orders as quick as possible so expect to wait 15 minutes on a busy weekend night. 4 cheeseburgers, fries, and a pop (dammit I'm from Michigan and it's POP not soda) will set you back $8.99 but the extra space it soaks up for more alcohol consumption is priceless. Thank you White Castle!
4	Well, well, well-- another burger joint in Vegas. And guess what? It's affordable, especially after an intense session at the slots or tables! Or if you had ''too much fun'' at the clubs.\n\nLocation:\nThis burger hot spot is located near the Linq, across from Mirage-- it's literally next to \"Margaritaville'' or whatever. But definitely easy to spot (look for the castle structure sign).\n\nInterior:\nThis is a typical fast food joint. Need I say more?\n\nFood:\nThe burgers were pretty small. Being a Hefty Hannah that I am (inside and out), 5 burgers & fries would probably fill me up. I kid you not, I could probably fit 2-3 burgers in the palm of my hand. Compared to Shake Shack & In n Out -- this place is.... different. If you're into small & soft burgers-- this is the place for you. Also, I really like how the cheese is always melted in the burger (that's total perfection). However, the squiggly fries were \"eh.\" Same with the chicken rings-- I could pass on both and stick with the CHEESEBURGERS. Oh, and be sure to ask for the sauces with your burgers-- it definitely makes for an exciting twist. Between the other burger spots, I would choose this place because it's one of those, hashtag cheap eats -- and bragging rights of \"OMG, I ate 10 burgers!\"\n\nService: \nIt was alright. Nothing to complain about.\n\nTLDR:\nThis place is great for cheap burgers-- comparable to McDonalds, but better. in flavor and MELTED CHEESE! Burgers are small, so order A LOT (5-6 per person).\n\n\nTurn Ons:\n- Cheap\n- Melted cheese\n- Super small KAWAIIIII burgers\n- Sauces\n- Opens 24/7 (I think...).\n\nTurn Offs:\n- Fries & Chicken rings (ew)
2	White Castle is Whites Castle. Always sounds like a good idea when you have had a few. And it's good at first. Then come regret and gastric distress. But that's what you do. But when it's super busy as this location, and it takes forever and it filled with people even drunk than you. Probably way drunken than you it's just not worth it.
5	I'm a native new yorker and this couldn't be better I gave missed this, onion rings look different but it all remains me of home . thank you
4	After years of eating the frozen burgers from the grocery store, I finally got to try them in person in a real location. I'll be honest, these are not the best burgers I've ever had - nor are they best sliders either. But hey, they're tasty and they get the job done. They're pricey but that's common in Vegas, but I must say the sliders with cheese are delicious. Their chicken rings, yes \"RINGS\" are delicious as well. So if you find yourself nearby while walking the strip and need either a small snack or full meal, try it. \nIt's not the best burger in town, but it's a tasty for what it is.
4	Ok if you are DRUNK, HUNGOVER, OR GONNA BE.  These rock.  If not they are kinda grease pits that sit in your gut.  My friends had issues with the onions I did not.
5	My bf is from the east coast and was beyond excited when news broke of a White Castle coming to Vegas. Being from California my heart belongs to in n out. That being said, their sliders are pretty good for the price. The sliders are on a soft pillowy bun with grilled onions and pickles with the option of cheese.\n\nWe received a text 3 days before the official opening date stating that White Castle was giving away free food. Within minutes we were out the door and made the 20 minute drive to the strip.\n\nWhen we got there, there was caution tape preventing us to enter the restaurant from the casino, but we were able to see the entire restaurant. We saw kitchen staff making sliders and contractors making finishing touches. We figured that they would give away all the sliders they were practicing to make for the grand opening. After being told that they were only giving them to casino employees we decided to hang out for 45 minutes hoping for the chance they would have extra for us. We even offer to pay for them.\n\nThe patience paid off and we went home with 14 sliders and fries for free!\n\nThe customer service was amazing. Curious casino patrons would peek into the White Castle and sure enough an employee would come over to answer questions and encourage them to come back in a few days when they officially open. \n\nThey open Tue, Jan. 27th at 2pm!
1	We came Sunday 5/28/17 at 4:30 pm on our way home. The fries were the best part of the meal but let me tell you, nothing special about the burgers. We have had White Castle in New York and my husband was excited to try it here in Vegas. \n\nWe BOTH left (my husband and I) with FOOD POISONING and we BOTH ended up in urgent care on Memorial Day and still too sick to return to work today! Right now is my second attempt to eat since eating there Sunday. \n\nI will NEVER eat there again! I have been burping up those nasty onions for two days! Ughhh! \n\nI will stick to the regular White Castle on the east coast. Lesson learned.....
4	This was my first White Castle experience. \nI had tried the frozen ones before and didn't care for them and was assured by many that I had to try the real thing.  \n\nI was excited that White Castle had opened in Vegas since it was more likely that I would make it to Vegas than the east coast.  Final the Vegas trip was booked and I was excited to try out White Castle.  \n\nFlash forward to Sunday morning.  The breakfast debate begins and me and my home skillet decide on White Castle.  Since its Vegas it's open 24/7 so why not!  White Castle is located on the strip in the Casino Royale.  The store front is located on the strip and easy to find.  \n\nAs you walk in it feels like any fast food restaurant.  Ordering was quick, easy and friendly.  We ordered the 2 person combo with 10 sliders (5 with cheese, 5 original), a fry, an onion chip and two soda's for a little over $20.  Our order was up pretty quick.  They do require you show your receipt when you pick up your order.  I'm sure this is a safety measure as I can imagine as day turns to night and the party animals are on the loose there has been previous burger burglaries.  \n\nThe moment has arrived the tiny little boxes of meat onions and bread is before me!  I take my first bite and.....it's alright.  I figure it's a east coast thing.  I'll stick to my my west coast In n' Out.  The restaurant itself was good, I can't blame them for my taste buds being born and raised on the west coast. \n\nMoral of the story.....try it, you might like it, even if I didn't!
2	Nahhh dude, you must be outta your mind because this was not worth the west coast adventure...
4	They are what they are - greasy little piles of goodness.  The pickle and cardboard box adds the missing pieces that the frozen ones can not provide.  If you grew up with them then you know what I'm talking about.  For first timers they probably won't be to your liking and that's fine too.   Cut down on the fat by removing the bottom bun.  It soaks up the majority of the fat.
1	Terrible food. Chicken sandwich was just a piece of fried chicken between two buns. Absolutely nothing else on it.\nDouble burger was better but still unsatisfying. Garbage
2	Go to the Mcdonald's just a few minutes away if you want a cheeseburger.  The sliders were pretty gross but the mozzarella sticks and fries were great. This place is overhyped for the taste and quality.
1	Many years ago, I visited a White Castle back east (once) so I knew what to expect, but we decided to give this place a try just because it's new to Vegas.\n\nBefore I get to the food, I have to mention that the two cashiers were both visibly annoyed at the customers in front of us, and they treated the couple two spots ahead of us in a completely unacceptable manner, simply because they were new to the menu and unsure how to order, making an annoyed face and screaming \"NEXT\" to get to the customer behind them. I was sure to place my order as quickly as possible (we ordered the #2 cheeseburger, fries, and drink), so at least the cashier appeared to merely tolerate me as I paid. This place has only been open a few weeks and the employees at the front are already burnt out. What's up with that? With so much unemployment in Vegas, couldn't they have found a few cashiers who are a bit friendlier?\n\nAs for the food - well, it's White Castle. It is what it is. Tiny, thin burger in a plain bun, with a bit of cheese and onion. There's a burger in there, but can anyone really taste it? I estimate the ratio of bun to burger is about 8:1, so you'll have to eat a huge amount of bun before you get much burger in your tummy! The fries were just bleh.\n\nAbout the location - I'm not sure where to park to get into this place. There is no parking in front, so we ended up parking in the Venetian and walking back to the Strip, but surely there's a spot closer than that? Also, there were TWO security guards working this location, which only amplified the negative vibes in this place. And our table was damaged enough that it made eating uncomfortable - such a shame at such a new location.\n\nNot recommended.
4	I first had the honor of noshing on these edible miracles, while attending the U or MN (Twin Cities), beginning in 1969 (Sliders were 12\uffe0/each, then).  I had a \"dry spell\" (living W of the Mississippi River) until I visited NYC in 1976.  Since then, none.\n\nNow, it's like a prayer has been answered in my favor, and I can once again re-live my college days, even though I am now 65 and can't down the 20 I used to put away at a single visit in the 1970s.\n\nI have a friend in Meadview AZ who's more \"addicted\" to them than I am, so if he has HIS way, I'm sure he'll be traveling the 218 round-trip miles every weekend, and crying when that's not possible.\n\nWhile I'm glad they have finally opened an outlet in the Las Vegas Valley, I only have one question regarding that:\n\nWHY didn't you open one here, in the 1970s?
2	Nothing to go out of your way for. The sliders honestly sucked. Cool that it was open late but not worth the wait. Onion fries had really no onion
1	This is not much of a burger. The meat, if you can find it is so small, you can't taste it. Although I pulled it out and tried just the meat. It was flavorless. The buns are wet. Not moist...WET. Even though you watch them cook the burger, it presents like a frozen, microwaved something you by in the frozen section at the supermarket.\n\nFries? Yes, they have fries. Again it's like they microwave them. That's just how it is presented. The fries, crinkle cut, are barely cooked, soggy, and served Luke warm.\n\nI know this place is popular on the east coast, but from what I can tell, I am not sure why.
2	I only expected better because we have these in St. Louis.  It took them forever to get our order prepared and then it was wrong...so disappointing.  once they got it right it was good.  However, the wait was way too long and I wanted it right the first time.
5	I'm not sure why the bad reviews. I mean it's not the best burger I ever had,but it is pretty tasty. Doesn't taste anything like the microwaved version of the chain. For what it is it does the job. It's a little pricey but I would eat it again next time I'm in town.
1	I was in live for an hour last night when finally got to cashier to make my order I got 2 regular no onion and no cheese and  10 jalape?o no cheese- none where jalape?o and all cheese - all burgers ended up in the trash - 1 AM you know I was hungry ! Lost my appetite when saw wrong order -I try to call the vegas number and no way to be transfer to manager no one picks up. Left 5 messages no one bother to call back !!\n\nNo excuse to take bad order !!\n\nHire none experienced young kids to work !\n\nBad bad and bad !
5	I finally made it to White Castle! Located on the busy strip of Las Vegas, the only White Castle on the West Coast(ish). This small shop is located next to the Harrah's on the east side of a small casino. As you may already know, parking on the strip (if you are coming from off the strip) is a pain in the butt, but if you are coming just to have White Castle I would choose a hotel/casino near the Harrah's.\n\nThe restaurant is pretty small and narrow. Once you walk in there are a few tables including one really long table with seats on both sides of the table. The counter is in the back of the restaurant. The menu is pretty basic; there are a few combos that include the sliders, fries and a drink, sliders that are being sold by themselves and also options to order large amounts of sliders! \n\nWe ordered a regular combo, but added a few more sliders to our order. They came out quick and hot... and they tasted just like I imagined a fresh White Castle Slider would taste like... my childhood nostalgia. I easily packed away like 7 sliders without blinking, but boy do you pay for it later.\n\nI have friends that have visited the Midwest and told me that White Castle was delicious, but gives you gnarly gas... and boy does it! You have been warned.
2	I seriously don't understand the hype.\n\nI went on an adventure to just to get here, and I was fairly disappointed. The line wrapped around and almost reached the dining tables. The wait just to order took about 30 minutes, and the wait for the food was about an additional 20.\n\nI ordered a bunch of cheese sliders and original sliders to bring back to the hotel for my group of friends. Needless to say, my first White Castle slider will probably be my last White Castle slider. There was nothing special about it, and I definitely was not impressed. The patty was incredibly thin and I don't remember it tasting much like anything.\n\nI will consider trying the one on the east coast, but I will not be returning to this location.
5	Am I gonna wait 45min for 4 mini burgers and fries after the club..? Hell ya! So I'm not from the Midwest and I didn't grow up on these, but I gotta say, these small hamburgers are damn good. Every time I come into Vegas I always get them after I've been out. The line can get long so be prepared to wait. These little patties are like basically sliders with thin meat and chopped up onions, catchup and mustard and a pickle. They are pan fried so they do retain a little more fat and grease which is why they taste so good. I do love their fries cuz they are extra crispy.
1	If not for the movie, I would have never tried this. I regret it. White castle is straight disgusting. Its expensive for what it is too. Don't waste your time... McDonald's is head and shoulders better. Hell, so is Burger King and that's saying a lot!
5	Ahhhh a familiar taste! This is the only location in Vegas! I am glad they have one from where I from (St Louis) they have them everywhere! I have read some of the reviews and I must laugh at some, this place is not a five star burger place, they are called \"Belly bombers\" for a reason! They a quick snack food and great late late at night or early am, or beating a rough night before. I LOVE white castles and will continue to go back they are great and I am glad to have them in town!!!
2	Me personally I didn't like it all it taste weird to me and it smelled like a dead animal n my opinion I will not return to any because it's just not for my taste buds the staff was friendly and very knowledgable about the menu and suggestive selling... The lines can be long but that's expected need more setting...it was pretty clean \n\nOverall I rated it 2 stars because of staff....
5	I had only ever heard legends of White Castle burgers whether it was through the Harold and Kumar movies or the frozen versions at Albertsons. I was pretty excited to learn that White Castle was fairly new to Vegas so the hype was intense. The line is crazy and the menu is like nothing i've seen before. You basically order for the group or small orders for 1 person. Obviously we went for the 20 burger combo with fries and the chicken rings. Seeing how the burgers are made is mesmerizing. The kitchen is pretty open compared to other fast food restaurants where large machines cover the process. White Castle however lays everything out for you to admire and salivate while you order. They cover the grill with the chopped onions and then place the patties on top. It is definitely a sight to see. 20 minutes later, we got out food which was well worth the wait. Those little sliders are so delicious and fresh. You almost feel bad as you count how many you eat from the 20 burger combo. The onions are probably my favorite part. The fries are really nothing special and i would not order them again. The chicken rings are pretty good but are pretty basic tasting compared to Burger King's. I ate 6 sliders by the way...
1	This iconic bigger chain popularized mini slider burgers.  I found them fairly tasteless, skimpy, and unsatisfying.  Going in I had very low expectations of the burgers but even then I was not satisfied with the product.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone and I will definitely not be going back.
1	WHITE CASTLE --- Not worth the wait--\n I was so excited to have a white castle open in LV like so many east coasters and went today. What a disappointment!! First timers are going to wonder what all the fuss is about . The burgers were lacking flavor, not hot and you had to look for the onions - and as we all know that gives this little (but expensive) burger the flavor and steam needed to make that bun so special. Neither were there. The bun top actually made it a bit dry since there was NO ketchup and cold! As a local, I will buy the frozen ones and not make the trip to the strip for this $1.29 miss . At least when heated they possess the flavor we remember even adding your own ketchup and pickle
2	Overpriced and halfassed\n\nI am a NJ native and have had white castle for over 15 years.  This place is like a cheap imitation while charging almost double for it.  \n\nFirst issue is the fact they don't add ketchup like they do at all white castles.  I had to tear all of my burgers apart to add ketchup which being sliders was cumbersome.  Even the guy I complained to who is from NJ said \" we don't do that, even though all of the other ones do it\".\n\nSecond issue was the quality.  The burgers weren't fully cooked, since the patties are so thin, this is very hard to screw up.\n\nThird issue was the fries.  They were much thinner and far less quantity than the normal white castles.\n\nFourth issue was the very loud intercom, they yell almost every 15 seconds your order numbers.  This interrupts the dining experience and hurt my ears.\n\nIf you want the real white castle experience I highly suggest you skip this horrible excuse for a white castle and go to an established one.
5	I have only been here twice at this location. We don't live far but both times we have gone there, food was very good :-) Fast service!
1	So we were vacationing in Vegas and got super excited when we saw a White Castle on the strip, living in the West Coast we've never tried it and heard how amazing these burgers are so we wanted to see what the whole fuzz was about.  Oh man we expected too much those burgers were so gross it tasted like something you can feed to a dog, after the first bite I wanted to puke.  It even got us sick ugh I seriously don't think it's real meat I don't know the quality was horrible. McDonald burgers even taste better,  better yet stick to In N Out , best burgers ever and taste fresh unlike here , NEVER AGAIN , SAVE YOUR MONEY PLZ
4	If you never tried it, must experience it. Great little burgers that will fill you up. 10 should be enough for a person. Good place for late night in Vegas. Opens 24/7.  Line isnt so long. Worth to try and wait for. Great for hangovers after the club.
2	White Castle was in Las Vegas as a food truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest previous years and the line for it was un-fricken-believable. Reportedly, people waited long hours for the infamous tiny sliders. I didn't wait for it personally, but I did see the extreme amount of people in line as I was exploring other (and better) food options. And now it's here not as a mobile restaurant, but an actual restaurant, hidden away in the Casino Royale. \n\nTo find it, you need to walk a little bit, so make time for that. I don't mind playing tourist in my own city every now and then, but lemme tell ya, for White Castle? Not worth it!\n\nThe little sliders are, at best, just cute. The meat was dry and it didn't help that the regular sliders were like 90% buns and meat. There were onions and pickles on it but it seemed like 2 little tiny pieces of diced onions, and a pickle the size of a dime. I prefer the cheese sliders over the regular ones.\n\nAbout 5-6 sliders can fill me up really good on a hungry day, so order accordingly. The way they fill up the beer with the magnet is pretty cool! :) Oh, and perks, 10% off for locals with a local ID!\n\nI'd say this place isn't really worth the hassle to get... maybe a good place to stop by when you're playing tourist in your own city, but that's about it.
5	For a super busy fast food joint on the strip they are getting it done. Waited less than 5 minutes for my food, they clean off the tables as soon as anyone stands up. Ask for the dusseldorf mustard or you won't get it.
5	Hi Mike my friend darzell MC joy applied there he is just waiting for you guys to call him
2	Growing up back east we would go to white castle and get the burgers by the dozen. Of course that was many years ago and you could get them for around 25 cents, that's really showing how long ago that was. So I was glad to see one open here on the strip. So I packed up the wife (who never had one) and off we went. After a short walk and a short line we ordered. Shocked by the prices, but everything costs more today. Told the wife how good these were while growing up. I guess all things change from what I remember. As soon as I pulled the burger from the package it seemed the burger was way thinner than I remembered and after the first bite I was disappointed on the taste. Guess this is off our list on coming back along with the \"shake shack\" also. How disappointed this was from the memories of my youth. Pay a little more and find one of the other burger places nearby so not to be disappointed.
5	I have always wanted to try White Castle; I have only had the frozen burgers.  Needless to say when I saw a White Castle on the strip in Las Vegas I was ecstatic.  The line to order moved fast, the line to pick up food was super slow but who cares its White Castle.  The burgers are small and delicious, the bread was warm and soft.  It was the burger slider.
5	When I was living in Vegas, they didn't have a White Castle yet. This one is fairly new. I wanna say maybe a year now? \n\nAnyways, if you're in Vegas, White Castle is a MUST if you're on the strip. Especially when you're drunk. Their burgers are like sliders, small but they're less than $2! \n\nThey are delicious! \n\nThey are located near Fat Tuesday and Harrah's hotel. \n\nIf you aren't in any of the states that has a White Castle, Target sells frozen boxes of White Castle sliders. It won't be the same but it's close!
4	Have been a fan of White Castle for years! Started when I was a child getting their burgers frozen from the supermarket. At that time I never knew it was a restaurant. Then the popularity from Harold & Kumar happened making want to always try a White Castle restaurant. I finally had my chance this summer in Las Vegas! I was actually feeling like a little kid again as we were on our way walking up the strip looking for this place! A special adventure! I was so happy to finally eat at a White Castle! To me, this was the first mini burger I have ever had, so it was unique. \n\nI ordered the 20 pack of sliders and 2 regular fries combo pack. $25.99 before tax. Sitting down and laying them all out for my girlfriend and I people thought it was all to myself since she was in the restroom. I laughed and said no, I could have eaten all of it, but not today :P The burgers tasted exactly like the frozen ones, just a bit fresher. Not too surprising, would give them a 3 stars. But the extra star for me was the service and overall experience I got from finally eating at this place! Highly recommended for a quick burger bite! Would go back again next time I visit Vegas!
4	This is a good place to come with friends. I was told to try these sliders by Chicago transplants in Las Vegas. I like the burgers, but, I am an In N' Out/ PDQ fan. The sliders are different, however, I have had tastier sliders in Phoenix and Oakland. They serve beer, so it's a nice break to the strip bars or ending the night with friends.
4	OK, let's be honest here...if you like White Castle you like White Castle.  There is no in-between.  I grew up in the midwest, so I happen to love them!  So, I can't help it...  It is a true guilty pleasure.  They are simply little steamed cheeseburgers of joy.  Soft, fluffy and delicious!  I always just get the cheeseburger sliders.   The line here in Vegas can move slow if there are a crowd of people, but the burgers are as good as any White Castle in Chicago.  If you crave...you crave...and this location delivers!
1	When the frozen burgers are better than the restaurant burgers, you have a big problem. Just. No. I'm sure the Midwest locations might be slightly better.
5	Ever since I went to White Castle when I visited back east as a teenager I've always wanted to go back because I really enjoyed theirs food. Circumstances be as they may I've never been back east but low and behold they're here in Vegas which is way closer to California. Many people have ranted and raved about shake shack and after trying their much over hyped food my money is and will always be on White Castle. Better service and Better food. It's the way I remember it so many years ago.
2	When I have been in the past it was always amazing but this time it sucked.  They were not hot they were just warm and me and my friend did not feel well after eating there
2	White castle is like bubba gump, famous from a movie. The only difference that white castle was in existence before the movie came out.  We went to Vegas and slave girl has never been to white castle yet, so for love, I went to another bad place to eat. \n\nThe service was actually good. The lady at the counter was super friendly and very pleasant. Ordering was easy and fast. Good job. We ordered a 10 pack burger with 6 pc chicken ring and loaded fries. \n\nNow on with the food. White castle burgers are cheap but small. The burger patty was thinner than a sausage patty but flavorful. However, the flavor was not the typical burger flavor and I wasn't a fan of that taste. The chicken ring was nuggets smashed with a hole in the middle. Dry and nasty. Our friend ordered this onion thing but it was also dry with almost no trace of onion. \n\nThe only thing that was decent was the loaded fries. I think we just liked bacon. \n\nAll and all, you gotta wonder why eating White Castle in Vegas when we were surrounded with some of the best restaurants in the country. Slave girl said never again, lol.
2	We went here just because of the Harold and Kumar movie. Not worth the hype. The service was okay, but for the price definitely go somewhere else.
2	Smaller menu and way overpriced compared to other white castles. If this was regular priced i would give it 3 or 4 stars because it is in par with most on the east coast but for almost $20 a person, no big red, and a really long line. I can only give it 2 stars but would doubt i would be back.
2	The food was good as expected. However, the service was horrible. Shanon was there to give us our food but when we asked for sauces she was very disrespectful. We ordered a combo for 4 but she did not provide enough sauces for us. Also her side comments were very unfriendly when I pointed at the sauces she threatened that she would \"slap my hand\". I would say she is unfit for that position and she should just stay at the back of the house away from customers with that kind of attitude.
2	Okay, don't expect any good quality food here.\n\nThe White Castle sliders in the frozen section in most grocery stores tastes almost EXACTLY like the sliders you will get here, except here, it's freshly cooked and not soggy! \n\nYou basically come here just cuz you can say you went to White Castle (without going to the East Coast). \n\nThe perfect snack after a day of drinking lol!
4	I had to give them a 4 stars for not putting mustard and catchup on the burgers,  but it was clean, the staff was really friendly, and the wait wasn't terrible.
1	I won't rate based on long lines and wait times. You obviously see how long the line is and should be able to judge that that wait will be lengthy. You get in line of your own free will, if you don't want to wait then go elsewhere. I also will not rate based on comparisons to other fast food empires (in-n-out, shake shack, McDonald's, etc).  What I am basing my rating in is the food. Let me be completely clear here...if you have ever had the frozen, microwaveable grocery store White Castle sliders then be advised that it is EXACTLY the same as what you will get here. Kudos (I guess) to whoever produces the frozen versions available at the grocery stores because they have 100% matched the taste, consistency, texture and quality of the famous White Castle slider. I wouldn't waste my money on that stuff at the market so I certainly would not ever walk in to another White Castle brick & mortar restaurant location. Sorry but there are WAY too many quality options in town to even consider wasting my time, money, or tastebuds on White Castle.
5	So worth it. Probably not for everyone's taste though. (4 of the 5 of us loved it. One whined cause onions. *rolls eyes* kids.)\n\nMy only problem with it is the location. Here I was hoping it would be in like Luxor or maybe even Excalibur (far better placement). As a non-smoker with severe asthma, I was coughing my lungs out to get to it through the casino, and continued to cough while I tried to eat. Next time I'll send someone in to buy, and we'll leave after. -_-
1	Update: apparently they are supposed to be soggy, so if you like soggy buns then this is the place for you.
5	Food 10/10 we bought a box of frozen White Castle cheese burger and loved it. The real store is way better \n\nAmbience 6/10 it's on the Main Street of LV, not great but understandable \n\nService 7/10\n\nWe cannot wait to come back again
1	I had high hopes for this place.  First off they had my order wrong the lady working the cash register was rude and the food was terrible. The french fries were the only thing that I liked.  The burgers were just plain gross. For my first ever visit I had a terrible experience I won't be coming back to this place ever.
5	The line moved pretty fast. I was in and out with my food within an hour and half. The food was amazing!! Totally worth the wait! Yes the prices were higher as if you were to go back to the mid west. However you have to take into count that. Mid west is cheaper. This is Las Vegas. And also it's the strip everything on the strip is priced higher. So can't complain. Def worth waiting in line for!!
1	Being from the Midwest I've had plenty of experience with White Castles so I was excited when one was opening here in Vegas. The first time I went there was good. I know it's on the Strip and I expected it to be packed so that wasn't a problem. \nI went here a second time and this is why I won't ever be back. After waiting in line for 20 minutes I finally ordered a dozen burgers to go. I don't care for onions so I ordered those burgers without them and the lady repeated that. I waited several more minutes for them to come out--my mistake was not checking them in the restaurant. I drove all the way home only to find out these burgers had been completely caked in onions. After scraping off a massive amount of onions, reheating the burgers and having my meal I decided to call the restaurant to inform them of their mistake. I was surprised when no one answered. I tried a few more times. Nothing. The next day I tried calling and still nothing. So I left a voicemail with my contact information. I waited a few days and received no type of reply back. At this point I gave up. If they can't even reply to a customer then they don't deserve my business. White Castle can be good but this location has a big ego being the only one in Vegas. If you do encounter a problem you will have to personally go in and inquire about it. No one cares enough to call back. Just a forewarning.
1	I would give this place a MINUS one star if was possibly. Just another tourist trap on vegas strip. Over priced junk food. Meat that tastes like wet carboard, bland fries, NOTHING special about this place.\n\nIf this is one of the best burger restaurant chains in the east coast, and people like this crap, i would call them: \"IGNORANTS\"\n\nAnother McDonald's dollar menu contestan that lose the battle......(and that's sad !!)
1	What kind of ghetto operation is this?  Big sign saying open 24/7, but when I get off at 5am they are closed from 5 to 8am. What a joke. I am thoroughly pissed. You are false advertising. F-/&$k you White Castle!!!!!
2	Meh.  It tastes like the ones you buy in the frozen aisle and is nothing special.  Harold and Kumar what were you thinking... oh right...
2	This is nice as a quick little snack. If there isn't a line, it's nice to pick up just a couple little sliders.\n\nThis last visit we tried to make it a meal, and ordered one of the big combo meals, but it's just too much fast food for me.\n\nI guess I just much prefer a real burger with all of the vegetables.
4	after years and years of making microwavable white castle burgers, my drunken self brought my drunken group here after too many Fat Tuesdays! \n\ni ordered 4 of the cheeseburgers and my god these are heavenly! \nthe right amount of grease from the grill, nice amount of onions, a slab of cheese, a toasty bun to soak up the flavors, the pickles however i was not a fan of and actually was not aware that they were on the burgers but it was not a big downer to the burgers!\n\none of my friends ordered the chicken rings and these were basically like chicken nuggets but better! \n\nit isn't the cheapest but also not THAT expensive, i think my four burgers came to about $8? \n \ni would love to stop by again for a snack or quick bite next time in Vegas!
2	More hype than anything.  I've had my share of burgers including WC in NYC and they did not bring their A-game to LV.\n\nLong lines, greasy burgers, no seating, and wafer thin patties for a premium price.  Also, if you've had WC on the Easy Coast, you'll be disappointed to find that they only sell the regular or cheese burgers and you can't buy them individually.   Only in meals.  \n\nI was pretty hungry the day I went, and didn't even eat all of my burgers. And it wasn't because I was full. Nuff said.
2	Overhyped! I don't get why people are so crazy about this place \n\nHad this three times over my last Vegas trip but only because it was close to the palazzo and conveniently open 24hours so we could grab some grub after the club. It was okay the first time because I was drunk but the second night I was sober and it's really just mediocre. Everyone else devoured the sliders but I was far too sober to be enjoying them. Tastes like something I could've heated up from my freezer. \n\nPack of 10 costs about $11 and $3 extra if you want to add cheese\nBut there's really nothing special or note worthy about the food. \nIt's just convenient and cheap considering it's Vegas\n\nMight come back but only if I have mad drunchies next time I'm in Vegas
1	I am from the East and have eaten white castles for a long time.  I love them and couldn't wait for them to get here I went the opening day.  i was not happy with the price.  They should be ashamed for charging people so much.  I brought them the first day and will not come back.  $8.99 for 4-cheeseburgers, fires, and soda are you people crazy.  My 11 yr old grand daughter can eat that and more because the burgers are so small. .I paid $15 plus some change for that combo plus 4-burgers.  That was my usual order after the club in Chicago and Minneapolis.  It  cost me $6 plus some change for the same order the last time I had them in Minneapolis.  I have not lived here that long so I have recently had white castles.  Just because it is on the strip that should not make such a big difference.  That is just pure greed!!!  if they open a store off the strip and the prices are within reason I would patronize that store but not on the strip ever again.  It is so sad that companies are so greedy, you people make enough profits give us a break.  This is why I am only giving one star and I hope others follow suit.
2	Didn't wait in line but their sliders are blah. Honestly they have so much hype surrounding this place which is good for them but their sliders could use some magic touch to it. Maybe I gotta eat this shit stoned but yo it is not worth waiting in line. Another overhyped east coast - mid-west chain that thinks they can fuck with the west coast powerhouse In-N-Out. Unfortunately they got KTFO...
4	It's possible that I'm just an easy sell when it comes to nostalgic food items, but I've always enjoyed their sliders ever since I knew how to use a microwave, so despite the fact that they're greasy and incredibly junky, I still love em!\n\nThey taste exactly like the ones you find at the frozen section of your local grocery store/7-11 (after they've been defrosted/heated, of course).... even though they're supposed to be *somewhat* more fresh when prepared right away. Really, it's not any different, so I wouldn't make it a point to stop by White Castle when in Vegas, unless you want to try their other items like chicken rings, fries, etc.\n\nIf you're planning a visit anyway, the deep fried onion petals are a must as a choice of side! Super crunchy and delicious. I don't know about you, but I always felt awkward biting into an onion \"ring\". These are so much more fun to eat! Just pop those little suckers right into your mouth. I went with somebody who has tried it in New York, and apparently this location doesn't offer everything from the original menu.\n\nThe mere thought of horseradish makes me cringe and shiver for irrational reasons, so if you and I share that intense disgust for it, stay away from the zesty zing dipping sauce. Had it by accident without knowing what it was. Blarrrggh! \n\nI'm not an active environmentalist, but I don't litter and am aware of other issues relating to the matter, so it did sort of break my heart to toss out so much cardboard boxes that only served as brief housing for such dinky sliders :( But I suppose that it's because they are very delicate, and typical wrappers would've squashed them.
5	White Castles are my favorite. They started in Wichita but Kansas has no White Castles. Go figure. Las Vegas White Castle opened in January. Order the family pack with 10 or 20. Fries or onion petals atr a must. Cheesecake on a stick is great
4	I was surprised to find that this East Coast chain had found its way to the Las Vegas Strip. So I figured, let's find out what Harold and Kumar made such a fuss about. At first I wasn't that impressed. BUT, for some strange reason, I kept finding myself coming back every night to soak up the day and night of drinking. That smell of grilled onions had such an aroma that I couldn't stay away. I know it isn't the highest quality or best burger, but it got the job done. I found myself ordering the 4 burger meal. They even sell a \"Sack\" or case of burgers (up to 100) AND they serve beer here. Great Combo. I will be back WC. Oh yes, I will be back.
2	Well, my experience at White Castle Las Vegas was consistent with a lot of others: just short of bad. \n\nWe stopped by midday and ordered one of the slider meals, adding mozzarella sticks to it. In the long wait for our food, I noticed that every person working behind the counter looked miserable. Everyone. \n\nThe food that comes out of this kitchen (despite its fast food quality) does not equate to the product sold elsewhere. Add to this the fact that prices are marked up to \"Strip value.\"\n\nCome to the Casino Royale to grab a few cheap beers at the bar adjacent to this place, but don't feel bad if you decide to skip White Castle.
1	Rumors raved about White Castle and their arrival here in Vegas. I gave into the flock and went to try it out.\n\nI hate myself for not checking yelp first.\n\nI have no clue why anyone would waste a moment on this food chain. The line was incredibly long, they required three guards to monitor. Three. I expected a drunken brawl to pop up with this level of security. I ordered a 10 slider pack, 2 fries, 1 onion chips, and 2 drinks for $26.\n\nThere were no seats so we had to snatch a table at the Subway nearby. The wait was long but the word \"crave\" was scattered all over the walls so I thought that is had to be worth the wait. Welp, I was wrong.\n\nI wasn't surprised by the size of the slider, they are meant to be tiny and cute, but I've seen cheese slices thicker than these meat patties. And overall it was bland, no seasoning whatsoever. Crinkle cut fries should have that extra crunch but these were limp and bland as well. Everyone knows to salt the fries straight out of the fryer, except these guys. I sampled a chicken ring from a friend. It's cute but nothing special. My friend did find a little bone in one of his rings. At least we know it's real chicken. The only star of the whole meal were the onion chips.\n\nI loved the assembly line but I was disappointed that all of that hard work for food that tasted microwaved.\n\nOh, and did I mention that this morning I woke up to the sound of my boyfriend hurling his heart out? Keep in mind that we were sober all night. Definitely not worth the trip.
2	I don't know what the heck Harold and Kumar were on when they got white castle but boy do I wish I had some of that.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgiiS1fjoUY\n\nSo growing up, I've had White Castle burgers from the frozen aisles and I loved it. However, after watching Harold and Kumar, I've always wanted to try White Castle. Luckily, they finally opened one up in Vegas in Casino Royale and I just had to give it a try. Just walking in, there isn't much separating white castle from every other fast food joint.\n\nI ordered 4 cheese burger sliders with some fries for around $8. Boy, did this place suck. Honestly, minus the cool boxes the sliders are in, the cheese burgers here taste the same as the burgers I microwave. Same goes for the fries. Just salty empty carbs... \n\nOverall, this place disappointed me. Next time, I'll just buyer the microwaveable ones and just eat those or I can go to the millions of better burger joints in the area.
4	I guess I'm like the other hundreds of customers, that ignored the two stars and came to check out White Castle for myself. I have been wanting to try this place for years, so glad when I finally see it in Vegas. Do not come here expecting to have a burger your way with 86 options to choose from, you can venture down the strip if you want to spend 40 bucks on a gourmet burger. This place is serious business here, they have A LOT of employees working in assembly lines preparing burgers, refilling soda machines, stocking up on ketchup, cleaning up as soon as a vacant seat is available, calling out numbers with video screen assistance like the DMV, organized chaos at its finest. The line stayed long, it moved quickly, and the staff was great. I got the cheese sliders, and being a cheese lover I do not think I would enjoy burger as much without it. The fries were mediocre, but probably taste better with toppings. Overall this is a great late night munchies spot and I am sure to return.
1	I had White Castle once before in when I was visiting Chicago and I didn't get it then.  When my sister-in-law saw that there was a White Castle in Las Vegas, one of her vacation stops here had to be White Castle--something that she fondly remembers from her youth.  I am still firmly in the I don't get it column.\n\nThere were three of us and we ordered a 10 pack bag with three bottles of water.  The sliders come out to be just over a dollar each but they were missing something.  Even the devoted sister-in-law thought they were missing at the very least some salt (and she doesn't use salt very much).  \n\nI was underwhelmed by the sliders.  The onion taste was about the best thing and it's really stretching it calling that little thin piece of beef a slider.  The thing is mostly bread.\n\nBeing in the Casino Royale doesn't make it an easily accessible place unless you're a tourist walking the Strip and decide to drop in.  We walked from the Venetian.\n\nAgain, I just don't get the cult following.  I'd rather spend a bit more and have something more substantial and a whole lot more flavorful!!
2	First off, this place is white castle and is definitely not in the same leagues as bachi or even in n out for that matter.  Essentially the competitors to this restaurant are establishments like mcdonalds and wendys but I would much rather eat there than here.\n\n1. OVERPRICED! you get the 6 slider meal and i think it comes out to $12? WTF go to glaziers and get the 6 cheese for $4 guys.\n\n2. It tastes exactly like the kinds you buy frozen.  There literally was no difference at all in terms of taste.\n\n3. Don't plan to go to hot yoga after because you will get bad gas. seriously... big mistake\n\nOverall: It's really overpriced and the taste is comparable to the ones you can buy frozen but I will say that they do not taste all that bad.
5	\"It taste so good when it hits the lips!\"\n\nThis is a Midwestern girls dream come true to the Las Vegas desert. The line wasn't too long. Came here at midnight on a Saturday after a concert. It's consistent taste to any other east coast location I have ever eaten at. Glad they made their way out here. It really seems to be a good location too. \n\nI will probably be back at some point. Good things come in small packages.
2	I've watched the movie White Castle and they make White Castle taste like the best burgers ever, what a deception...yeah I know it's a movie, they marketed it very very well.\n\nThe burgers were eh, wouldn't recommend, there are plenty of other places to eat in Vegas. The only good thing is that it's cheap...
5	Shaylene gives amazing customer service and I didn't have a single problem even on their busiest days
2	The movie \"Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle\" was the only reason I wanted to eat White Castle.I waited 11 years to go to White Castle, 11 FREAKING YEARS!!! And I wish I didn't go, totally killed the joy of the movie for me. The sliders are whatever but i guess only good points was the restaurant is still new(ish) and service was great. You want a better burger go find an In'nOut or even Shake Shack which is 10x better.
1	This is essentially microwave food. I got chicken rings and fries, my husband got sliders. Everything tasted like it came from a box. Actually...I may have had frozen dinosaur chicken nuggets that were better than what I had at White Castle. I see why Harold and Kumar went after getting stoned--you would have to be under the influence of something to enjoy your meal.\n\nPlus, everything was really pricy. We paid $17 for microwave food. Never again!
4	I grew up treasuring White Castle in Detroit in lines before Tiger games... Ooh...the thought of those sliders!!!\n\nBut this location is not your typical White Castle-- it is \"on fleek\" lol. Clean and shiny, interestingly located in a casino but reached from the street. \n\nWe grabbed a sack with cheese-- fries and drinks. Sliders very good.. Better beverage selection would be a plus. \n\nCustomer service... Let's just say we think no one there wants to be there. At least they didn't last night. \n\nOverall, a worthy stop for the White Castle experience. Would rate Detroit #1, Vegas #2 and New York (Brooklyn #3)
1	The movie was awesome, unfortunately can't say the same for the actual restaurant. I went to this specific White Castle during a Vegas weekend. I was expecting delicious small burger sliders with a side of fries for the amount of money I paid. It was horrible. And I don't blame any staff, this iPad to do with the quality of the burger. They basically tasted the same as the microwaveable ones you get at a local food market. Very disappointing. I couldn't even finish the small lil burgers. Would never recommend this franchise to anyone until they find a better supplier for their patties. And stop using microwave food. The fries were ok. The instructions say to \"put mustard on this review\" (and I wish I woulda put some\nOn that horrible burger) but I don't wanna sound like I'm trashing this franchise blatantly, I'm sure there's a few that will appreciate the quality of these small burgers. Good luck White Castle! Hope you get better, being this is our first west coast franchise.  \n\nPs: don't let the movie fool you!
2	Stumbled upon this place while walking the Strip and I just had to try it just because. I only ordered a Cheddar Fries and 1 Burger. I am glad that's all I ordered because it did not taste good at all. First off, the service is cap. They didn't really care about you. The cheddar fries was nothing exciting, it had stale fries. The burger is just nasty! It's soggy with no flavor. Maybe if you are drunk and hungry you can eat here but other than that, I would pass.
2	The hype with this one was strong. \nWhat with the constant talk on local news stations, blogs, websites how could you not feel the pressure as a lover of food in Las Vegas? We were not immune to the build-up and thus had to see what we were missing all these years. \nWe visited on a Saturday, early evening/late afternoon timeframe. The place was busy, but that was no surprise with the aforementioned popularity still booming. The line was relatively long but moved at a decent rate. They do well to get you through and on your way. We waited about 15-20 minutes in line. The menu is simpler than most fast food type joints with limited offerings. Think somewhere between In n Out and Chil Fil A. I appreciate this; makes it easier for someone like me who wants to get right to the \"bread and butter\" if you will and skip over their second rate items. The sliders were much smaller than we expected; again we've never had even the frozen grocer variety so expectations were only speculative. It reminded me of a plain McDonalds burger with the small chopped onions being one of the only things on the burgers other than the meat. The fries were nothing special. Not great but also without any major flaw. Straightforward French fries. Our meal was over in less than 10 min and we left feeling quite disappointed, and overall confused about the hype. \nGuess it's just one of those things that you either get or you don't. \nAnd I don't.
1	Leave it to Las Vegas to ruin a Midwest gem. I was looking forward to White Castle being here but it is definitely not the same. I expected there to be a wait so I won't complain about the 1 hour and a half that I stood in line but I will complain that the line is like General admission for the club. I don't think they thought thoroughly about having a line outside on a busy strip sidewalk. Also I wasn't that far back in the line so I thought once I got into the building I would be minutes from ordering. Okay so the food; when I received my burgers they were lukewarm after coming fresh off of a grill! I also ordered chicken rings and they didn't have honey mustard! Dont even get me started on the employees! They need to bring some people from the MIDWEST to train these people. For those who have not had White Castle before this is not what all of us Midwest folks were excited about! It wasn't nearly the experience from back home! I agree with those that said you can go to the frozen section for what they are serving up here. Also they need to figure out how to get one off of the strip and with a drive-thru and breakfast. I will not be returning to this location.
5	Moved from the Midwest to Southern CA so this White Castles on the strip is the closest to me. Tastes good just like it does back home.
2	Nasty!!!  Our first experience here was when they first opened...its was good! Food was good, customer service was good. This time its completely different. Burns gross fries, horrible nasty \"customer\" service, sent the fries back to only get back-talk from one of the employees!!\nWho does that!!! I'm guessing poor management is to blame? I'm not sure. The only thing good was the sliders!
2	Came here for the first time with my husband to see what all the hype was about. It was disgusting. I took 1 bite and was done. My husband forced himself to finish 2 sliders. We had stomachs afterwards. They tasted not fresh and maybe even frozen. Buns were soggy and meat slices are super thin. I got cheese fries and they were ok, nothing special. Only good thing we experienced was great customer service from the cashier. I wish I would've caught her name, but she was the only good thing that came off that place. Save your money and go elsewhere.
4	Burgers were good first time eating here heard a lot about it wanted to try it out taste was good on the sliders fries were alright will be bringing my girl and the kids
4	Yes I know.  One minute I can go from a gourmet Gordon Ramsay BurGR to straight ghetto White Castle belly bombers in an instant, haha!  What can I say!  Well I can say, \"If you didn't grow up with White Castle, then you'll probably NEVER understand the sensation of biting into one of these heavenly sliders!\"  Just keep in mind, they're NO comparison to a normal burger like In-n-Out.  So believe me, I'm McLovin' all the negative reviews.\n\nYes they're cute tiny little burgers and can be eaten in four bites.  But that soft steamy bun with a little bit of chopped onions, pickles, and melted cheese (or without) are just the best!  Not as healthy as a four start chain Habit Burger, or as beefy as Five Guys, but more of an \"if I had a fast food burger choice\" of a burger chain;  I'd choose the Dub C!  I mean, they made a movie out of it!  Plus I grew up with them in St. Louis, so it's a personal choice!  \n  \nLocated in the Casino Royale, and the only location in the west coast;  It's conveniently sitting between Fat Tuesday and Walgreens.  And thank goodness for being 24/7, as it's a great pre- or post-party snack!  \n\nRegarding service, it's fast food, not fine dining.  Luckily I had no issues with service, but what do you expect?  Just order and scarf them down!
4	My husband has always loved White Castle so of course once he found out there was one a block away from where we were staying (the Venetian) we had to stop in and grab a bite to eat! Thank god this place is 24 hours because the best time to eat it is when you're good and drunk and that is usually late but then again it's Vegas we are talking about! Lol when are you not good and drunk? Anyways!!!!! Awesome drunk food for sure! And it's nice that it's cheap too!
5	I've been buying White Castle slider burgers from the frozen section at Walmart for years and always wanted to try the real thing. I finally had the chance this past weekend while in Vegas and it was awesome. Everything I'd hoped it would be. My wife and I ordered 20 beef sliders, 2 small chicken rings, and 2 fries. It ended up being too much food but was still worth every penny I paid. Will definitely return on my next trip.
1	They've lied to us people.... i don't know how they were able to make a movie about it.
4	OK I was born and raised in New Jersey where there is white castle all over the place I remember when he first got here to Las Vegas and me and my nanny and son went here for the first time\n\nYes it's the exact same but it is much larger and caters to a lot of tables and there is a beer offering and it's pretty cool how they fill the cups\n\nThe only thing that is a complaint is the fact that it's three times the cost as a normal white castle visit. \n\nThis white castle did in fact run out of hamburgers when it opened on The strip I remember the day that it happened and it made headlines\nIt's kind of like a classy white castles if there such a thing
4	OK, White Castle virgin.. I know, I know, but truth. Listen Vegas is an experience and so is White Castle apparently. Silly me, Saturday night on the strip, but friends were here from NYC and they insisted. Wait outside in a line of people walking past asking \"What are you in line for?\" Had to resist answering \"Hookers and Blow.\" Then wait in a line inside, and folks they are SERIOUS about that line, to include security guards to direct traffic. \nOur troop goes in deep and orders a suitcase of burgers (a flippin suitcase of burgers) 2 onion rings (more like onion chunks, better than rings) and 1 fry. I have no idea what I am in for, but I am ready, I mean it is food, burgers and fries, hello.. Yes lord! This is a tasty burger! I don't care for pickles, so I toss em, but the burger itself is damn good.. About 4 bites (watching my table mates who apparently never eat in public is where I glean this information) and that burger is no more.\nI will be back, someday.. It is on the strip, I avoid the strip for too many reasons to list. However, White Castle is a good lure, so it might be sooner rather than later.\nTIP: Order more than you think you will eat, you don't want to get back in that line!
4	Loads of interesting options. They have great combos, all sliders. If you are in a group better get their Castle packs which are great. The place is crowded, so ensure you have time to wait in line. Quick service though. Pretty organized.\n\nBest part: they make their sliders fresher in front of you. They are NOT reheated when you order.
5	OMG! My favorite vacation spot meets my favorite burger! The sliders were delicious along with the iconic fries. I recommend everyone go here while on the strip
5	This place is good! short lines and fast service. I ordered about 30 burgers and they came out fast, i ordered them for the drive home and my group ate them all before we can get half way home. Defiantly worth visiting here.
1	The grossest thing I've ever consumed. I would've been better off getting the frozen ones from the freezer section. I will never eat this place again. And after we complained they didn't even seem to care nor bother to help fix the situation. Save your money, go somewhere else!!
5	We don't have White Castle in California, so this was a must go for my husband. We loved the mini burgers! Preferred the original one patty more than the double. Bought extra to have in our condo for munchies and they reheated well in the microwave. Total yummers!
5	I really enjoy the simplicity of these little sliders.  The onion chips are my favorite side.  The fries are average, but I'm not really a potato person in general.  The frozen cheesecake on a stick is worth the trip alone.   \n\nI admit that when I first tried this place it took a while to grow on me, but now I really crave these simple little burgers.  I try to stop in every couple of weeks for a quick bite.  I avoid the weekend tourist crowds and always stop there for weekday lunch.  My parking experience has improved since I discovered the back entrance.  The only bad thing about this place is getting in and out of the parking lot, but that's not the restaurant's fault so I won't ding them for that.  I also get a kick out of the people walking out with two suitcases full of these things.  Like they're buying enough to feed a whole plane.
1	I stopped at White Castle around 4 A.M. since it was near my hotel and open 24/7. I ordered 3 classic sliders while my friends ordered the original slider combo. The line was long and took me 10 minutes to order and another 10 minutes to get my food. \n\nWhen I got my food, I was disappointed. In no way did that resemble a burger slider. The bottom bun was so soggy that it stuck to the packaging. The burger patty was probably 3 millimeters thick. It came with one pickle and grilled onions. The fries were soggy as well and tasted like plastic. The fries tasted like they were frozen and reheated in a microwave. To top it off, the food was not worth the money. It costs almost $10 for a slider combo (drink, fries, 3 slider). I paid $1.30 for each slider that you could finish in 2 bites. The best part of the meal was the drink.\n\nThe food here closely resembles the frozen, microwaved lunch you get in elemenatry school. One star because it is open 24/7.
4	OK, fact not the best burger in the world. Fact not the best slider in the world. However it is a regional thing. People flock to In-N-Out burger as soon as they land in Vegas not because it's the the best burger but because they grew up with in-n-out and the want the nostalgic feeling from their childhood. Just like many of us go to Chic-Fil-A every time we go to California!  Service was friendly, dinning area was clean and the food was hot. If you have never had W/C give it a try you may just like it. If you want a GREAT Burger try the Burger Bar.
2	I've always wanted to try White Castle, even before the movie came out and now that I've tried it...it's nothing special.  I would rather have In and Out or eat at McD.  The burgers lacked any flavor but at least the buns were good.  I should've just went to Shake Shack against my better judgement.  The best part of the meal was the chicken ring sandwich.  Too bad 2 meals of chicken ring sandwiches and two sliders costed 25 bucks.\n\nNever again.
4	Well Saturday night is over and what a better way to finish it than stop in for a few white castles, a Coke and some chili cheese fries
1	My wife had bragged about White Castle for a long time about how good their sliders were and how you could eat a whole sack of them.  When we got to White Castle my wife immediately ordered 20 for the two of us.  After trying one slider I was so disappointed the burger was so bland and nasty.  My wife was equally as disappointed and we both opted to throw them away rather than suffer through trying to eat them... Extremely disappointed and sad for my wife who thought she was going to enjoy a childhood favorite... I had better burger at McDonalds.
4	This was my first trip ever to White Castle. I ordered 2 original sliders, 1 with cheese, and a side of fries. I have to say, I'm a big fan of the fluffy bread and onions. Fries were decent too, and not greasy. I usually just order hamburgers, but I must admit these sliders are much better with some cheese. \n\nWhite Castle is def a good snack as you walk along the Blvd. looking for trouble. Best to go during weird hours because that line can be Disneyland-long.
4	Ok so for those of us who have never ever had a White Castle from an actual \"White Castles\" I was so freaking stoked about my visit to this holy grail. I truly believe I had the  exact same feeling that Harold and Kumar had when they finally arrive at the place where they have been dying to get to all because they have been yearning for those little magical sliders in the pretty little white box.\n\nAs I stepped through the double glass door from the Las Vegas strip and entered this gold mine I was filled with happiness. Who would have ever thought that we would be so lucky to have a White Castle here, but I guess dreams do come true.\n\nThe line was not bad and space was pretty small and yes they only have 2 cash register but there was an army of workers in the back cranking out them sliders and the food came out fast. As I am placing my order I am still in disbelief that I didn't have to travel to the east coast to experience this must try burger joint. Any how that was just it. I am giving them a 4 stars because although everything was great the burger itself the one thing that this place is all so famous for was good but I wish was better by being hot and fresh. \n\nI totally understand that in order to meet demands and keep customers happy by getting their food quick they must constantly pump out burgers and let them sit there, and that's where it suffers I think. I burgers itself was a little cold. But never the less I was extremely content. I ordered almost every item on the menu because even though I wish it was a hope skip and a jump, it is not easy for us locals to just drive up and pick us up a bag full of burgers...no you must be strategic about it and actually plan your day to enjoy this place and it's food. \n\nAll in all everything was good and I defiantly will be back again and again. I'm crossing my fingers they will open up other locations where we can just pull up to a drive thru and satisfy our cravings a little easier. I think I have been building up the anticipation about White Castles since the movie Harold and Kumar and never thought I would ever get to taste them or get to one without actually leaving Vegas but now I can. So say what you want about this place I am just so happy that after all these years I Finally Made it to WHITE CASTLES!!!! Thank you for opening one up in Vegas. \n\nOh and the staff was super nice too!!! \n***OOPS I PUT THIS PLACE IS DRESSY BUT I MEANT CASULE*** I hope we all could figure that out! LOL
5	1st time I had white castle sliders... woo-hoo!  very delicious!  cheap, yummy and fast on the strip!  i like their fries - which are not salty, and chicken rings ! open up in canada, will ya!?
1	They list this place as a fast food restaurant but more like a SLOW food Restraunt! The manager should be taken out back and beaten! 4th of July holiday and they have one person working a register and a line out the door! Heaven for bid the manager throws a few more employees on registers to speed up the process or hops on one himself! Worst run business! If u see a line go somewhere else like I did after waiting 30 minutes and not moving as it will be a two hour wait just to order!The debate of $15/hour makes me laugh when I see how a business like this is run! Can't wait till the day they replace workers with computers so we can place our own orders and not have to wait an hour in line at a Slow food Restraunt!
5	I didn't expect  much being that they only had sliders. But it was surprisingly  good. The grilled onions make it worth it. Definitely  enjoyed our dinner date on the strip!!!!
5	Jalape?o double and onion chips/loaded fries are just so good, not anything like the frozen cheeseburgers quality. Get some Dusseldorf mustard and zesty sauce on the side.
5	It's White Castle. It's its own entity. It's not a hamburger as West Coasters (myself included) think of when you hear the word 'Hamburger'. Once you get into the idea that you're eating something completely different, you're on the road to success.\n\nI fell in love with these little onion-y meat and bun nuggets in Kentucky. I suppose if you hate onions, you'll hate this. The onions are cooked and the patties and buns are stacked on top steaming everything with that onion-y goodness. These were every bit as good as the ones I've had in Kentucky. \n\nPro Tip: Get a side of onion chips, and order by the sack.
5	I've been craving White Castle ever since Harold and kumar came out. I was elated when I heard they were coming to the west coast and was not disappointed. I'm surprised the location is so small so I can only imagine how quickly it fills up. I got the 2 double slider combo and was blown away. So meaty and cheesy, with the onions and pickle to cut through. No condiments necessary.
4	I love White Castle so I was excited one was out my way!! But the parking is horrific because it's located on the strip!!! Sooo wish they would add another location with a drive thru in another area of vegas!
2	My husband and I had never been to White Castle before so we decided to give them a try out of curiosity. We stopped by on Saturday afternoon around 5:30, it took 45 minutes to wait and order, then another 10 to receive our meal which wasn't too bad.\n\nWe were able to find a little spot to sit in really quick, the table was clean but the space was tiny. The employees that I dealt with were friendly. \n\nI can say that I am glad we took the safe route and ordered very little food, better safe than sorry. I got combo #2 which comes with 4 cheese sliders, an order of fries and a drink for $8.99, I also ordered 6 additional cheese sliders, an order of onion chips, and a fudge dipped cheesecake on a stick (additional burgers were for the kids at home). I ordered all of the cheese sliders without onions. When our number was called my husband picked up the order and brought it back to the table. I opened the bag up and noticed no cheese and onions on the first slider, so it took out one after another and noticed they all had no cheese but they did all have onions, on top of that, I didn't receive my cheesecake. I put the sliders back in the bag and took them back, they threw the sliders away and I waited another 10 minutes to receive the \"correct\" order. First 4 sliders were fine, cheese and no onions, other 6, cheese with onions. WTF! My receipt clearly stated cheese and no onions for all 10 sliders! At that point I was annoyed so I didn't take them back to the front counter, but seriously, you must really not know what you're doing if you get my order wrong twice. To top it off the burgers were semi-warm, they should be glad I didn't become very disgruntled.\n\nI honestly wasn't impressed with the tiny burgers, I took a bite and to my surprise, it tasted just like a McDonald's $1 cheeseburger. The slider consisted of a bun, thin patty, and sliced pickles. The fries weren't anything special either, they tasted just like the crinkle cut fries that you buy at the grocery store and fry up yourself. Onion chips were okay, they were very crisp and had a semi sweet taste to them. The best part of the meal was my orange fanta beverage and the fudge dipped cheesecake on a stick. We spent $25 on our meal and thought it was a complete waste. Meal #2 comes with enough food to fill up a hungry toddler, not an adult. The cost is not justifiable to me, too little food for the price, $1.50 for a tiny cheese slider, no thanks. \n\nI came, I tasted, too over-hyped.
2	I was honestly so dissapointed when I ate there. I honestly do not know what everyone was fussing about how it's the greatest thing in the world. \nCons: The line was long, (as suspected since it's new) once you get inside, there's another line. I don't know if they still have long lines since people know it's not the best lol The burgers were tiny and had very little taste to them, which I assume it's how it is in where it came from. It was very expensive for what you got to be honest. It was not good at all, way way over price. Like In-n-Out is better lol The kitchen where you can see them cooking the burgers is very unsanitary looking. There were buns everywhere, chopped onions on the floor, not to mention their was pretty brown lol\nDO NOT WORRY IF YOU HAVEN'T GONE THERE, YOU'RE NOT MISSING ANYTHING. \nPros:...umm they have really good chicken rings? \nHope this helps. I honestly would recommend to go there just to taste it just so you can say you've had it but I honestly doubt that anyone is going to return. Unless you're a tourist and drunk at 4 in the morning.
5	Service was quick. Sliders are bomb. It's White Castle. Need I say more. Go there. Stuff your face. Drink a beer.
2	Service was good.  The cleanliness was a bit lacking as staff was not clearing tables very quickly.  This would be 1 start if they didn't sell beer...\n\nThe sliders are okay at best; I am unsure of where all of the hype comes from.  If fast food burgers are your goal, I would pick In-N-Out before going to White Castle.  If you compared it to any sort of restaurant style burger, you would remove White Castle from your memory, never to be thought of again.  \n\nDon't want to make the journey to WC?  The frozen versions from the Super Market are just as good as at WC.
4	Located inside Casino Royal. Hubby and I had the late night munchies after a bit of a shopping. The line was kind of long, about a 15-20 minute wait then an additional 10 min wait.\n\nThis was my second time eating White Castle. Their sliders were delicious. We ate a lot of them on the ride home. They are small and perfect, I don't get the same guilt trip I do when I eat other burgers. I tried the chicken sliders for the first time, it's not my cup of tea, I just don't think that chicken should be a burger, I also tried their bacon cheese fries, oh my.
5	In a word, yuuuuuummmmmm!!!! So glad to find a White Castle out west! We walked from the New York New York casino up the vegas strip just to have some of these sliders and they were definitely worth it!!!!! Staff was friendly, kept the area clean which made our experience even better.
4	When I heard about White Castle coming to Vegas, I honestly got excited about it. I've never been to one of their locations before but I figured it would be a cool experience, especially seeing it practically get famous from Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (I can't believe that movie is 11 years old now!)\n\nLocated on the Casino Royale side of the Strip, White Castle offers cheap sliders at any time of the day. I honestly think it's better than most fast food chains, but it tasted the same as the microwaveable ones you can buy at the grocery store.\n\nThe breakfast slider was pretty good, though. It really isn't anything special because it's just a sausage patty with an egg, but it does the trick if you want something simple and filling for breakfast.\n\nIt's not a gourmet burger joint, but it's definitely nice to have one of these on the Strip. The cheap prices and better quality food than other fast food chains are what makes White Castle a winner in my book! It might be a little too over-hyped, but it's still a place to visit just to say you've been to one.
4	This place is unexpectedly good!!!  For a Southern California girl who has only ever eaten these things frozen I went in with pretty low expectations.  But wow!  They were warm and fresh and just good!  The onion fries were also a nice surprise.  I forgot to order the chocolate dipped cheesecake which was a bummer.  Next time!!  If you have never been here, I recommend ordering a few extra burgers. They go down easy, I ate three of them no problem!  Perfect snack after a day of drinking!  Down side is the line is long but that seems to be a Vegas thing anywhere you go!  I will be back.
4	It's fast food people. Nothing over the top or special just a perfect snack when you have the munchies and wanna eat 10-15 sliders in one sitting and feel bad about yourself after breaking your diet lmao \n\nFor me it's a throwback from when I was a kid eating those little burgers on the tailgate of my mom's station wagon at the drive in movies in Indiana.\n\nI moved to California and was excited to hear they opened a location in vegas because I wanted to taste a memory.  \n\n100% the same since I was 5 y.o. everything taste exactly the way I remembered.  \n\n10 soft little burgers and we'll done crinkle cut fries :) I felt guilty after eating it just like I would any other fast food binge eating session hahaha \n\nI see bad reviews.  Don't overthink it people.  It's only fast food.  Enjoy responsibly
4	Ok, I'm from Southern California, so I never really got the whole White Castle craze, since it was never in California to begin with. \n\nA recent trip to Las Vegas with my Chicago born girlfriend certainly changed it around for me. First, it's not the in and out type burger most will want. It's a small steamed burger, and it tastes great. Small sliders that are bite sized is what White Castle is all about. Quick service and overall great place in my mind.\n\nYes, the prices were high, but drive 1200 more miles if you want the closer one, and you'll pay the higher than normal prices for them there. It's Vegas, get over it, most of everything in Vegas is overpriced. \n\nGreat times and good food.
2	I used to eat these when I was a teen, so I was super hyped when they opened here in LV...I went down to the strip (no parking) I ordered 10 sliders $16.00 they were 49 cents each 20 years ago???? they were so greasy I almost could not digest 2 of them. Know I know why my mother used to say when I was a kid that every time she ate them she got the runs....
5	Had to come check this place out, I'd never had a fresh White Castle burger and I was not disappointed. I got the 4 cheeseburgers with fries and a drink, it tasted fresh and was nice and hot. The onions were a tasty addition and even though I could only finish three of the burgers and half the fries, it was really tasty! Would definitely go back.
5	What can I say? It's White (mo fawkin) Castles!!\nOnly complaint is we need some in California. I've been writing them for 30 years BEGGING!
1	The food was ok.  All the workers looked like they hated being here.  All looked unhappy. The cashier seemed nice.  Slow as molasses.  I cashier for about 50 people in line.  What a mess this place is
4	Perfect east coast addition to the strip.  Sliders were just like I remembered.  Service was quick and easy.
1	Have been wanting to try this place after seeing it in the movie years ago.  finally one here in Vegas but we were not fans.
5	Yay!  White Castle west of the Rockies!!!!!  Well located and easy to get in/out.  Inside of the Casino Royale - next to Walgreens. Menu as you have memorized.  \n\nAdvice:  Go in the daytime, buy a sack and put the leftovers in your room fridge for a late night snack.  Oh so good.  You'll thank me at 3am after a night at Omnia.....\n\nSpecial shout out to the Saturday morning staff (9am - 7/30/16)  Super friendly and fast service.  Kudos!!
4	Authentic and typical White Castle...Except it's on the Las Vegas Strip.\n-Typical White Castle food, either you like it or you don't.\n-Prices are a bit steep, but it's a high rent location.\n-This location serves Beer!\n-Good central location on the Strip.\n-Friendly employees.\n-Restaurant was clean.\nIf you want a White castle hamburger and not frozen from a supermarket...this is your only option on the west coast.
2	I really had no desire to try White Castle. After seeing all the horrendous pictures of the barely edible-looking food, I was pretty sure I would never go, I was wrong.\n\nOut of sheer morbid curiosity, we arrived at White Castle a few weeks ago and saw no line and figured it was as good a time to try as any. \n\nWe shared some sliders with cheese and chicken rings along with some fries. Prices were a bit steep, but that's to be expected for the strip. \n\nI was surprised that the food wasn't as awful as I was expecting. It wasn't necessarily good, either. I favored the chicken rings to the sliders, which as people have noted are steamed and therefore have a mushy texture that I didn't enjoy. The fries were forgettable, so I'd avoid those.\n\nTheir drink and ice machines weren't working and people were bottle necking fighting for the one side that was actually functioning. \n\nAll in all, I guess I'm glad I gave them a try, but it looks like one and done for me.
2	I was not wowed at all. We just wanted to try it. Had sliders and fries. Meat is thin. Buns are good but greasy. Too much butter. Fries are soft. Super crowded and seating is limited. I don't know what I was expecting but I left unsatisfied.
4	Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?!?!?!?\n\nA White Castle on the West Coast of America?! \n\nSo to my surprise, I spot this gem and we decide to stop in and make it a White Castle kind of night.\n\nFor a whopping $27-we got 10 cheese sliders, 2 cheese fries, and 2 drinks.\n\nWell worth it. So yum! Yeah, it's crap fast food but we couldn't pass it up.\n\nGirl at the front was super nice. It didn't seem like anyone hated their job. \n\nThere was a constant line, so obviously business is well. Place was clean-they kept wiping up and such.\n\nOverall, I'll stop in again next time I'm in Vegas and if they are still there.
5	I wish we had these in Canada!!\n\nCan't say too much other than the sliders are heavenly  and hit the spot EVERYTIME! \n\nThe bun is soft and a bit sweet. Meat is never dry. \n\nOk I'm drooling...\nTime for another road trip.
4	This Minnesota boy is now happy.  Las vegas finally gets with the program and White Castle learns a lesson in economics (you go where your rabid fans are).\nyes it's a square, little hamburger. Yes, it was copied by some Schmuck named Krystal  from the south who claims he had the idea when visiting St Louis World fair..   \n\nSome people pay premium dollar to say they have an iPhone, some people pay a price to eat a small, square burger that has its onions and buns steamed with the burger...  \n\nThis one serves beer... Bonus Points!!
1	Looked good when Harold and Kumar ate it in the movie. Thought we gave it a try since it opened here. Much more costly than other states i heard as it's suppose to be a quarter each. We got 4 cheeseburger sliders with a drink and fries and it was $8.99.\n\nThe sliders were pretty gross. I think some frozen sliders even taste better. The bread were soggy on the bottom as if my bun was accidentally dropped in water. What makes it worse is its not water but the bun soaked up the fat juice from the meat (which some may like but a soggy bun, no thank you). The meat looked old and not fresh at all. One picture that a fellow yelper posted says it all. \n\nService was ok. Some were super nice while some looked as if they just crawled out of bed or have a bad hangover. Definitely a one time visit for me. Never again.
5	Alright, I've had White Castle once before this. I still don't get what the hype is about.\n\nI waited in line on grand opening night for a little less than two hours, met one new person (while waiting in line with) to be honest I was mostly excited to see the employees because as the they were leaving/entering all were excited. \n\nI payed a little less than $20 tax included for 4 sliders (okay), 2 sodas, 1 chicken ring box thing(mediocre), and a tiny cheesecake on a stick. \n\nThe cashier that helped me was great! They didn't seemed overwhelmed at all despite the line going out and around the corner of the street. \n\nWhat's the 5 stars for?\n\nBecause I'd go back for those tiny cheesecake sticks.
5	Yes we went again. My first review was lower only because the Las Vegas prices are higher than what I'm used to in the Detroit area. Food was fine. \n\nThis time we looked past the prices and just fixated on the food. The burgers were as good as any WC anywhere but the fries weren't exactly fresh. So while I could knock them for the fries, it's a White Castle and it was a WC experience  \n\nThe line wasn't long, the wait for the food was alright and the burgers were as good as any. They don't serve win mustard and ketchup but when you have such a massive operation as the LV location you make allowances. \n\nKudos for a great \"dinner\". Work on those fries and we'll be back monthly because.....it's White Castle baby!
4	I'm a Canadian on a burger mission so obviously I had to try White Castle. It's not as bad as everybody says it is!! The burger meat is weirdly thin and I question what kind of meat was used, but combined with the fried onion topping it's a pretty tasty burger! The fries sucked though. They were just bland.\n\nThe old man working the cash was extremely nice. After we told him we're from Canada and it was our first time at WC he gave us a rundown of how they make their burgers and pointed to each station behind him as he explained the cooking process to us. He won a place in my heart that day.\n\nMy only negative comment (other than the fries) was I thought it was going to be cheaper?? Maybe I got Vegas pricing...
5	Greasy-gross-burped up that nasty onion taste the rest of the night. This place is not for me. Buns were good.\n\nI'm changing my review the responder is correct there are other items to try :)\n\nIt's still fun to say u went there like Harold and Kumar lol
2	I think I will stick with the frozen ones.  The prices are overpriced and almost twice as much as the frozen ones that taste almost the same.
2	Save yourself a handful of dollars, time, and driving-on-the-strip-ness and just buy a box of frozen ones at your local grocer. They'll taste better than the ones here and you won't have to deal with a casino full of smoke and other aggravations.\n\nExpensive, long line, nowhere to sit and eat in the place itself, even at odd hours of the morning. Enjoy sitting in the dark food court away from the place itself.\n\nThe fries were pretty bad, too, somehow stale even with as busy as it was.
5	Wow! I had always wanted to try these burgers since watching Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle a number of years ago. They did not disappoint. These sliders are so different than any Burger I have had before. The service was friendly and we didn't have to wait long. Can't wait to go back for more.
4	I don't know what happened, but I recall drinking heavily and then waking up the next morning with a big box of white castle burgers.  Now I have never had white castle but I saw these little guys off of the Harold and Kumar movie so I knew I'd like to try them some day.  I didn't know that I would have them off of a drunken stupor, and I'm glad I did, because hung over me was very appreciative of these little guys.\n\nI would like to try to eat here again in passing, without any alcoholic influence, so who knows maybe one day I will!
2	My experience here was not how I envisioned it. I envisioned my experience at White Castle the same as Harold and Kumar, enjoying endless sliders in absolute joy, basically having the best meal of my young life. Unfortunately that does not hold true and eating at White Castle makes me appreciate In-N-Out that much more. \n\nThe sliders here are very thin, soggy, and underwhelming. They do have a strong flavor of onion as they are grilled on a bed of onions. The price of each slider is pretty ridiculous at 1.29 each because you need about 4-5 to be anywhere near satisfied. \n\nI happened to enjoy the chicken ring slider, as it was fulfilling and lathered with some liquid crack, in the form of cheese, which was very pleasant to eat. If I was hella drunk out of my mind I would probably order 20 of these easy. \n\nThe onion peels take on the shape of a garlic clove and are deep fried. They taste just like onion rings and are not anything too special at all. \n\nI wouldn't mind coming back to White Castle if it somehow it magically ended up in the Bay Area, but if I'm in Vegas again, I would definitely waste my money on something actually worth spending on.
5	Thankful the 'belly bombers' are now on Vegas. I was raised on White Castle ;)  nothing beats those grilled onions! I usually order a dozen with cheese and a dozen without.  Recently tried the fudge dipped brownie!
2	First time eating at White Castle. We've all seen the movie....so I was stoked to finally check this off the bucket list. I was, unfortunately, disappointed. My issue lies not with the staff or cleanliness of the restaurant....even the prices were not bad. It's the food! The sliders taste EXACTLY like the frozen ones sold in your local grocer's freezer. If I did the Pepsi challenge with a frozen slider and one from the restaurant....I wouldn't be able to tell the difference. Skip it.
5	It has been about 20 years since going after Cubs games. Now they are in LasVegas on the strip. So walked over during lunch ordered a number 1 4 original sliders fries and a med drink. Yep it was delicious.
2	Don't know what the big deal is. Meat in the burger thin and small.  Tastes ok for me. Given the hype when it was opened expected something better.
4	Pretty alright place they have!\n\nVery confusing location. Got two crave cases & some chicken rings (or something idk they had chicken onion ring shaped patties) \n\nI thought I'd have to wait hours in line. \n\nWhen I walked it I was immediately helped. In & out within 4 minutes!\n\nThe staff seemed a little rushed but I give them credit. It got way busy after I left. \n\nThe chicken sandwiches I got were so good. I am certainly going back for more very soon! \n\nThank you White Castle. You guys did a good job!
1	The worst burger place I've ever been to. All the burgers have NO sauce. The cashier, Savana, a SUPERVISOR by the way, almost bit my nose off when I ordered. Ronesha, the girl who calls the orders, looked like she drunk a bottle of vinegar. No smile, no thank you, no enjoy your meal, nothing, only bitchy face. I have to say that the security  and the cleaning people were SUPERfriendly. In other words, a big NO NO.
2	The smallest Burger I ever have. It looks cute, but taste was below average, but it only cost 1.29, what can I complain, pay what u get.
5	D. Freakin'. Licious. Best drunk food ever. My husband and I stayed at the Venetian and we ate here 3-4 times (we weren't drunk each time lol) during our 2 night 3 day stay. I'm not proud to admit that. Only qualm is that the line one time was ridiculously long and they only had one register. But what made up for it was the customer service. John, the cashier, was super nice. FYI they do offer military discounts.
5	First time eating legit White Castle burgers and it didn't disappoint. Them sliders can be filling (I had 4 of them and i was full)...best part is, they are open 24/7!!! Now that's convenient!! So your missing out if you haven't had White Castle.
1	My review in one word... YUCK! \n\nI was so excited to try these little sliders, so my husband, our friend and I decided to go and we ordered their 20 slider combo. My husband is a picky eater so we ordered 15 with everything and 5 without onions or pickles. After waiting like 15 minutes for our order of course all 20 sliders had onions and pickles, so we had to order 5 more. Like I said... Yuck!! We were hungry as hello so I ended up eating 5, our friend 7 and my husband 4, we threw the rest away!! :( \n\nI guess these are popular in the East Coast because they don't have In-n-Out!!
2	This place is more hype than anything. I got one of each of the burgers and they were all disappointing. Same as the microwaveable crap you buy at the grocery store minus the long ass line. Save your money and time, go to a grocery store, or skip it entirely and get yourself a habit burger, hell, even McDonald's taste better than these tiny crap burgers. Two stars because I did like the loaded fries. PS I was not drunk, had I been, I'd probably think they were the best damn burgers in town.
4	I was super excited to see a White Castle in Las Vegas. Food was hot and made exactly how I ordered. *I wish you had the sack of fries like other locations have. They had enough employees to handle the crowd of customers.
2	Well well well i realize its opening day and it went pretty well for a 2 1/2 hour wait in line and 33 mins to get our food.... All was hood except the smokers who didnt care and at the very end of what could have been at least 4 stars... Riley at the door was belligerent to me when i came back in to get my daughter who was waiting on the food.... Too bad with the prices SO high, the novelty is a 80 cent burger they are 1.59 with cheese. Really guys? You wont make enough? This is a great way to run off your locals, trust me, youll regret it!
5	Great experience!! The burgers were DELICIOUS! The customer service was fantastic and the staff was extremely friendly! I will definitely be back!! So excited that this restaurant finally moved to the west coast!
4	The service was pretty quick. We ordered the 20 pack with 2 fries. The bottom buns were soggy----otherwise, the burgers were pretty good. Would come again if in the area.
4	Grew up in Chicago and always loved sliders! This is more of a white castle \"light\" location meaning, they have a limited menu. However, for me the double cheeseburgers were awesome! They nailed it! Onion chips (think cut up rings) were very good as well.\nNegatives were the smaller menu (would love some jalapeno burgers), location is not the best, gets a bit crowded/long lines, over priced for sure, and the fries, meh, still not very good.\nStill, living in Phoenix now, I am thrilled I can get great sliders without having to fly back to Chi-town - I would definitely hit this place every time I was in town.
1	had never been... not worth the walk! it was a fun experience since it's one of those places made famous by the movies, but not something I could imagine ever craving.
5	Went today around 3:30 and was only in line for about 30 min. The employees were so nice, and didn't seem stressed at all considering the craziness they've gone through these past few days. They taste just like NY, brings back a lot of memories. The only downfall is the price, they range from $1.10-$1.50 each. NY is like half the price.
2	Typical franchise location that created a ton of hype only to disappoint with frozen disgusting meat and a dirty and extremely crowded dining room.  The meat was just more like a thinly slice of roast beef that lacks flavor.
2	After walking up and down the Strip twice I was craving some White Castle almost as much as Roldy and Kumar!\n\nFrom the outside it looked like a tiny standalone but actually the location is inside the Casino Royale.\n\nGot the #7 Castle Pack, which was 10 sliders, two regular fries and two drinks.\n\nService was good as they got my order out quickly in spite of the place being packed but for my first time eating White Castle burgers at a White Castle I was rather disappointed. \n\nThese certainly did not hit the spot! I know sliders don't have much meat but these were practically meatless! And the onions could've tasted a whole lot better. The Fries were meh too as they were a bit soggy.\n\nNot gonna lie, I enjoyed the microwave White Castle burgers you get from the grocery better...
4	Just like the ones in Michigan. Steamed onions, patties and buns. Must get the ketchup mustard mix.
4	Kids liked their White Castle experience taste just like the frozen ones. Try adding the new jalape?o cheese really good especially on the fish burgers. Long lines but employees are very friendly and efficient.
2	It's... fine.  I'm not really sure what I was expecting, but this has been a questionable item on my bucket list since the first Harold and Kumar movie.  Being a west coast girl, this was adventurous fast food cuisine for me.  Turns out the hamburgers taste pretty much exactly like the microwaved versions you buy in the grocery store.  The chicken rings taste a bit like breaded shoe leather, definitely don't bother ordering those.\n\nThere can be a a significant wait to get your order, and the dining area is suffused with a quiet, desperate sadness, so if there are no available tables, go get (a lot) of drinks elsewhere and try again later.
5	Thank you White Castle for coming to the WEST COAST.... As soon as they opened in Las Vegas, I was there that week. Can you bring one to CALI please, if not will travel for food.
2	After all those days of feasting on frozen white castle burgers... I finally tried it for real... and the disappointment was real...\n\nMy friend and I were ambition as hell and ordered the 30-pack of cheeseburgers.... after our lunch which was no more than 2 hours prior. That was about 2250 calories for each of us... (A package of 2 frozen ones is like 300 calories). We took our first bites and continued to much due to excitement... but the flavor sunk in. Wait, scratch that, what flavor? Compared to their frozen counterparts, these lacked salt, umami, msg, etc etc. Not satisfying at all... we left defeated.
5	Great first time and I'm digging the sliders so hard. \n\nI've wanted to try White Castle for a while but I'm unsure of where one is in my area. Finally got my chance to and I don't regret it. The prices of the sliders were delightful and affordable. Quality isn't top notch but I feel like it's more enjoyable than a McDonald's burger. And it simply melts in your mouth, it was great, I didn't know that a slider could run like gold down your throat. \n\nI was also really big on the free onion ring slices that came with the sliders. That was amazing! I didn't even ask for that and there they were! I think that's a thing? Am I wrong? Or did the server just love me that much? I'd like to think it's both. Yeah probably both. \n\nWhile I loved the flavor of what I ate, White Castle is definitely more of a late night snack than a stomach bloating meal. For me at least.  But I loved it none the less.
5	Good burgers for a reasonable price... Eat here to save money while on the strip!
4	Okay, so this place is more like 3.75 stars but whatever.  I'm gonna give them a four despite hearing all of Yelp scorning me on my check-in ( :P ).  Hey, we don't have a White Castle in Arizona and I have wanted to try an actual White Castle forever.  Even before I saw Harold & Kumar, I enjoyed their frozen sliders growing up.  Eating the real deal after all this time, even after a great German lunch, was heaven.  It could also be because I was under-dressed for the surprisingly cold Vegas weather but the warmth of a cheese slider was bliss.  I loved every dang bite and I don't care what y'all say.\n\nWe ordered a 10-slider, fries, onion rings, and two drinks combo.  We got five regular hamburgers and five cheeseburgers just to see the difference.  I was trying to tell Mike W. that cheese makes everything better but he didn't listen and I ended up having to choke down some plain burgers while he enjoyed my delicious cheeseburgers.  The fries were meh but those onion rings were pretty legit.  \n\nAll in all, I wouldn't mind stopping in for a quick cheap bite when I'm on The Strip.  Is it the best burger ever?  Haha, of course not.  This is a fast food place, obvi.  But I definitely wouldn't say no to going over to White Castle for a quick bite!
2	There isn't a White Castle in the DC metro area, so I definitely had to visit when I was in Vegas. \n\nThe sliders didn't look appetizing but tasted decent. This is definitely an establishment to visit after having a long night at the bars.\n\nNext time, I'll take advantage of the close proximity of In N Out instead. At least they have top quality burgers for a better price.
4	Charlton & the gang go to White Castle! Since this Vegas trip was primarily focused on burgers I wanted to experience as many places as possible. Ever since the movie Harold & Kumar go to White Castle popularized the existence of this burger chain to a wider audience, it has always been on the back of my mind to try it. Unfortunately since they are only located in the Midwestern United States, I had to settle on the frozen ones that they sell and love it or hate it, I find them quite tasty! \n\nLas Vegas is known for housing popular \"guilty pleasure\" restaurants that can't be found outside of their respective regions or cities, making them must-visit destinations for tourists. Casinos have opened such iconic locations as Pink's Hot Dogs from Los Angeles in the Planet Hollywood Casino, and New York City's Shake Shack recently found a home inside the New York, New York Casino.\n\nThis White Castle is located across the street from the Mirage. You can easily walk to this location by parking either at the Ceaser's Palace self parking or at any other of the casinos close by and walk to it. The location is small but there is plenty of seating available inside. Since I've had the frozen ones plenty of times before, I wanted to order the exact ones which were the cheeseburger sliders. The lowest combo you can get is 4 sliders with fries and a drink which is what I decided to get (having still been fairly full from the buffet from earlier). \n\nOnce you place your order, you get a number to wait; thankfully orders are pushed out quick since they are made en masse. The sliders are all packaged individually; I can only imagine how many they go through a day. Taking my first bite, it instantly reminded me of the frozen ones. I don't know if that is a good or bad thing. The only difference was that there are pickles in the sliders that are not in the frozen ones. It does add more flavor to it but not much else. These sliders go quick, I can usually finish one in two bites or one if I really want to. The fries are crinkle cut, my personal favorite, they aren't as good as Del Taco's or Shake Shack's fries but it gets the job done. \n\nI would suggest coming here if you have NEVER eaten the frozen ones before. Then you can brag to all your friends who live out in the west or east coast saying that you've actually been to an actually White Castle. This place is worth coming for a late night snack, drunk food or a quick meal. Otherwise, if you have had the frozen ones before then you are really not missing out on anything other than the pickle. \n\nI am a fan of White Castle sliders but I'll settle for the frozen ones just fine. \n\nCC out!
4	So to start off I'm not a burger fanatic i rarely eat them and if I do its a couple of bites from my son or BF. \n\nWhat we ordered was the cheese burger slider which came with 4 cheeseburgers a regular fries and a drink. The sliders had pickles cheese and onions. It was soft and good. But if youre a big burger eater i suggest you order their crave packs that have 10 or more depending on how hungry you are. The buns were soft meat was soft too kinda reminds me of a meatloaf in a way but a good meatloaf lol. \nWe also ordered the onion ring chicken slders it came two sliders regular fries and a drink. The chicken sliders were good it reminded me burger kinds chicken fries. The other stuff we ordered on the side was onion chips theyre like onion rings but turned into bite size pieces of goodness. We also had the bacon ranch fries theyre crinkled cut fries loaded with bacon ranch and cheese. It was pretty good. The other thing I ordered was a vanilla shake it was thick and yummy. Above all I would come bk the lines are long but once you order your food comes out pretty fast. They have an assembly line going on in front of you so you can see what theyre doing to your food. The best part is it's open 24 hours 7 days a week. The location is in between Venetian and Harrahs inside the Casino Royale. Oh yeah they also serve beer for all you beer lovers :-)
1	Harold & Kumar does not justify White Castle. the hype is ridiculous. Or Vegas White Castle is not as tasteful as expected. What an unfortunate turn of events. At least we gave it a shot. \n\nif you want what I encountered at White Castle then head to your nearest grocery store & purchase the frozen pack. That's all.
4	The food is addicting.  The little burgers are cute and perfect for the little ones and as for my son awesome for all his food challenges. Every time we are in Vegas we have to stop by white castle. . Decent price . The only down fall is the parking area is not accessible. The other down fall is there is never a place to sit so the kids wait for a place to open to save seats while we order.
4	Wanted to try this place since forever, there wasn't much of a line and the orders came out quick, my daughter is a chicken nugget queen so we got lucky and ordered the chicken rings which were small so you gotta order the 9 piece. We tried both the cheese sliders and original, I think without cheese they have a better flavor. Love it!
4	Had to try it!\nI was more about the experience than the food I think!\npaper thin burgers with 5 holes in the middle.\nGreat Mustard\nFries were good\nVery long line, Friday nigh about 40 minutes in line and no lots of seating.
2	OMG!  There is a White Castle now in Vegas!?!?  Why??\n\nGuess it's for the dudes that did not score...\n\nI grew up in the East Coast surrounded by White Castle's.\n\nBasically it's a gross hamburger that ONLY tastes great when it is between 2 AM and 5 AM and you meet ALL THREE of the following conditions:\n\n1. Your are drunk, and \n2.  You are very hungry, and\n3.  You did not score at the club.  \n\nMy friends and I would come to White Castle in HIGH SCHOOL after a night of cruising, boozing (fyi: drinking age was 18 back East--16 if you looked older and cool), schmoozing, and losing. \n\nAt 2 AM all night long the place is filled with dudes that have no squeeze box--otherwise they would not be here--you have loser spelled all over you when you step foot in the door.  \n\nBut after a few White Castles at 25 cents each, 30 cents with cheese it was, and some greasy ass fries--you don't worry about it till the next morning when you wake up alone with Hamburger breath. \n\nNot a place for children, not for the sober, not for anyone looking for a quality hamburger, not a place you take a significant other or any woman unless you want to get dumped fast.  \n\nI still have vivid memories of the those days back at WC. If I could only go back in time, I would not have needed to make as many trips there with the boys.
5	Been eating white castle since I lived in chitown, they're a little pricy, but there def worth the wait.....HEY its Vegas so expect to pay more...
1	Next time you see the line and ask yourself \"is it worth it?\" \nANSWER- NO!!!!! \n\nGreat food.. Terrible service. I get that it's a Friday night and you are understaff but to treat your customers with disrespect and roll your eyes when you serve them their food is just degrading. It's not that hard to make 20 sliders for someone. Especially after you already made 20+ for someone who ordered after. \n\n\"Here's your order (as she slaps the bag on the counter)\" -staff \nJust rude.\nPs. 40 min after we orders \n\nBeen there, done that, never going to do it (in vegas) again.
2	Not sure how you managed to screw up a Chicago institution... but you did. \n\nI have been going to white castle since I was little in Chicago. Cheap, hot, tasty little meat treats. The highlight was the warm juicy onions against that little crunch of pickle. \n\nThe location in vegas has just missed the boat. They were tastless, over salted and soggy. I was so ticked I went to the manager and said these are not white castles. He asked me where I was from, told him, he laughed and said me too, then he went back there and made me some himself. Those tasted right. \n\nUltimatly I think it is the fact that you have non-chicagoans trying to make vintage Chicago food. It would be like having a blind guy pick your wardrobe... he can get close because someone told him about the colors but never dead on because having never experiance them, he doesn't  really know what the colors are. (No that's not a dig on blind people). Same deal here...
1	Honetly I came here at 3 in the morning (its a 24 hour location) and the line was ridiculous. Nothing but drunk people screaming at the workers and women with barely any clothes on walking around. I really felt as if I was in a nasty club with really bad lighting. \n\nIt took almost an hour to get my food, the workers looked tired, overworked, and unappreciated. I felt so bad people were yelling at them cursing them out saying mean things to them, It was really bad. \n\nOn top of that, I ordered the chicken rings and try were extremely dry and hard. The shake was about 7 dollars and not great. Overall I wont be coming back, but I hope that the people that work here can get a nice vacation some day because what they go through is atrocious.
4	I finally got my white castle burgers and the wait was worth.  Would have given 5 starts but the fries were not good.  So So good.  Wish I would have gotten 6 instead of 4.
5	DEAR Las Vegas,\n\nWhite Castle is the bomb.  YES you need to be drunk.  YES you want to get them \"extra steamed\".  And ask management... Where is the dusseldorf and big red??????\n\nWhat is a slider? A SMALL DAMN BURGER!\n\nPS.  White castle is the 1st ever burger shop.  It has been around since 1921. \nPPS.  If the only reason you are coming here is because of Harold and Kumar, GO HOME.  That's like only enjoying Friends in Low Places at a Garth Brook concert.
2	We parked at Venetian and walked over. Found out there was a White Castle in Vegas and had to go. We stopped by after a show at the Mandalay at around 1am. \n\nGreat place to go for a late late night snack....if you're wasted. This is totally drunk food. Don't come here if you're sober. The meat was thin and flavorless. It resembled Spam. Service was super quick though. Fries were the best part of the meal. I would love to try White Castle again...but not in Vegas.
5	I've only heard of the wonders that are White Castle sliders. As a CA native, WC is a thing of movies and the frozen aisle at Walmart, but I needed to try the real thing. The line was short on a Sunday at 11am and my double cheese slider was ready in less than 5 minutes. IT WAS ALL I EVER HOPED AND DREAMED OF. The onion content is a bit heavier than I'd have chosen, but I'll know that for next time. Hot, moist, delicious, and satisfying. Why aren't these available closer to home?
4	Yay. First time trying and I was not disappointed. \n\nSIMPLE Cheeseburgers & Cheap! \nExtra grilled onions \nLiked the open kitchen layout.\nSuper Clean!\nFriendly staff.
4	Are you in Las Vegas in the north part of the strip, drunk, hungry, wandering around, already took off your heels and have flat/slippers/or just nastily barefoot? White Castle is there for you! I mean, it is what it is! If you think chicken nuggets are unnaturally shaped, get on some chicken RINGS! I cannot differentiate between regular White Castle burgers from the brick & mortar and the frozen ones. It's like they might as well have a bunch of microwaves to warm up the frozen mutant meat--no one is going to notice or care.\n\nChicken Rings, wtf? Yes.
2	It was husbands pick.  Heard about the lines on opening day so I was worried that it might be crowded but alas it was not at all and I can see why.  It is connected to the Casino Royale but has its own store front so you literally pass it when walking on the strip.  You can see and hear slots in the dining room.   I've tried them in the frozen aisle before and ended up tossing the rest of the box because I thought they were awful then.  I was hoping that maybe getting it fresh would make a difference.  UM, no.  They were pretty awful.  Patty is thin as paper with no flavor.  Bread is soft and soggy.  Price was also a lot for the quality you get.  $7.99 for 4 sliders, ordinary crinkle fries and a drink but it could be because they are on the strip.  Even my husband was not crazy about them either.  It was good enough to try once but I won't be coming back.  I just don't get the fascination?  Give me In and Out Burger anyday.  Heck even Burger King beats it and I can't stand Burger King.  They get an extra star for friendly staff. As for the complaint about the trays, that is the least of their problem.  The whole thing was so bland.  Would be good for kids.
1	Food is whack....don't know what Harold and Kumar were craving...don't this crap here...In-N-Out rules here...
4	I love how all of these east coast classics are making their way to Las Vegas! I guess that is the one perk about living in a city that is just one big tourist destination.\n\nWhite Castle made its debut a few months ago in Casino Royale, a hotel that is smashed between the Venetian and Harrah's. White Castle is really easy to find since their have their own entrance from the street. I have read the reviews about the long lines, so I waited out the hype and my first visit was last week. I was there around 4pm on a Sunday and the line was not too bad-- I would say tops, 15 minutes. \n\nWe ordered four cheese sliders, a double slider, loaded fries, regular fries, cheese sticks, and drinks. The person took our order asked where we were visiting from and when replied that we lived here she offered us a 10% local discount. Sweet! You wait for your number to be called at the end of the counter. The food came out in about 5 minutes. \n\nCheese Sliders-- They are pretty tiny, seeing how the meat in the burger is about the thickness of about 10 post it notes stacked on top of each other. But hey, they were still pretty tasty. I like the squishy buns. Ha, that sounds really weird.\n\nFries-- Crinkle fries are better than any other fries in the whole entire world. So, I like!\n\nLoaded Fries-- Meh, could skip on these. The bacon and cheese toppings were not that special.\n\nCheese Sticks-- I think these things could be good if there was better marinara sauce. The sauce comes in one of those sauce tubs that do not require refrigeration. It has a weird after taste. \n\nAfter reading all of the mixed reviews, I have to say that my visit was better than expected. A lot of people are saying that it is not like how it is on the east coast, but that's how it usually goes. The original is always better. Don't even get me started on Shake Shack LV. All of our mini sliders & fries came out to be around $20-- but that was expected, since this is the strip. The next time I want to try the cheesecake on a stick or the chicken sliders. I think I saw a sign that said that they also have a breakfast menu.\n\nOh yeah, White Castle is open 24/7 to satisfy your after party munchies.
4	So who was the wise guy that thought a whopping two registers was going to cut it? There's an army deep of prep workers and cooks in the back and periodically over a block long line of White Castle fans, with a team of security directing traffic and you only have TWO registers? Yeah, its awkward.\n\nO T H E R W I S E...\n\nWoohoo! White Castle is officially in Las Vegas! I can't speak on behalf of anyone else, but White Castle holds a special place in my tummy. I was born in Minnesota and still have family living there, so whenever I would visit, my uncle would welcome me to town with a crave case. What says love more than a giant box, shiny with grease, filled with sliders?\n\nOf course, this is nowhere near the top ranked best fast food burger, but it wins in the nostalgia points! Mini sliders with grilled onions - you can't go wrong there -  portable, cute, easy to eat, and especially reminds me of my childhood. Their burgers taste like how I remember it, so they don't do a bad job at this Vegas location but consistency is questionable. On our second visit my sliders were all too soggy for my liking - which is not good, not good at all.\n\nI actually prefer the original sliders over the cheese slider since the cheese overwhelms the flavor of the grilled onions too much and I love love LOVE the flavor of the grilled onions. Sometimes I would try to ask them for extra grilled onions and most of the time I am unsuccessful, but it's worth a try. \n\nWe also dabbled in their cheese fries with ranch and bacon and the crew thought it was pretty tasty, but I think their crinkle cut fries need major work and typically taste stale. I really like their ranch sauce so I dip my sliders in it from time to time. Also pass on their onion chips, the batter is dense and not that great. Their shakes are simple, vanilla or chocolate - nothing crazy, but its not bad either. I don't think they offer a strawberry shake at this location since I would of been all over that. Oh yeah and they have brownies and cheesecake on a stick - just thought I'd let you know. \n\nI can typically eat 5 sliders on a good day and it is filling! For a normal person I think that 3-4 sliders is just right. For the overzealous types they also offer crave cases  and crates that range anywhere from 30-50-100! Dang. Don't come in here expecting an amazing burger - just great memories - KEEP YOUR EXPECTATIONS IN CHECK and I think you will be in a good place.\n\nRIP stomach.
1	This was just freaking gros in my opinion, a couple of my friends liked it, for me the smell alone was enough for me to hurl. But as a foodie groupie such as myself lol, i don't let smell detour me its unfair. First off this place is constantly packed, fast service though. Price is a tad below average which is a small plus seeing its located on the strip. You might notice that the place is a dump in the inside, understandbly so many people. As for the burgers/sliders they were tiny and light and also tasteless nothing to write about but an after taste that stays in your mouth tasting like old onion. I went to use their toilets after waiting in line for 5 minutes, just as disgusting , it looks like the burgers rushed out of people's systems in a hurry. Save some gambling money eat somewhere better, this place is for the those in desperation to eat cheap.
5	Stopped off for these little tasty treats on the way to checking into our hotel. They were melt in your mouth delicious! Better eaten fresh and not cold. It's a definite must stop in whenever in vegas
5	Tastes just like the Midwest classic! Lots of seating and it's open all night! Definitely will hit the spot!
5	Thank heavens this has finally landed upon the Las Vegas strip (at least until it happens to finally be bestowed upon California) is all I can say!\n\nWell ok maybe not everything.....I will admit at first it was a bit difficult to find (was across the street pretty much from Mirage and tucked inside the craziness that is the Harrah's portion of the strip), but once I did it brought me back to the days of my youth in Minnesota and damned if nostalgia didn't make this meal taste that much better..Oh yeah and I'm talking about the REAL White Castle and not the supermarket abomination!\n\nSo I just kept it simple and got a bag of sliders with cheese (no condiments needed at that's a bold statement from this guy). It was just as I remembered from the taste to the smile at the end. They are small in nature, but I don't feel like a fatty if I pound out 5 of them! I did like the fact they are put in paper containers now and the pickle in the middle gives it that perfect hint of umph when partnered with the tender meat and gooey cheese..Just thinking of the slider salivates the mouth indeed!\n\nI did take notice that the line does get a bit lengthy, but doesn't that tell you your taste in food is better than most? I thought the staff managed to kill the line pretty fast so for me waiting wasn't a complaint at all. I also found that they treat you with respect if you give it back so my experience was just as I remembered it.\n\nAll in all, I will be back again and this time I just might bust for the 100 slider snack pack..Signed, sealed, and delivered their mine!
2	Being a California guy I've always wanted to try White Castle (yes cause of Harold and Kumar) these burgers are crap, nothing special about them, fries were barely decent
5	I Love White Castle burgers I waited 45 min because they just open in Vegas and I had 6 of them and they brought back memories back from my New York days.
2	Must be a nostalgia thing. The wife always wanted to try one as she had family who loved these. Neither one of us can figure what the draw is. Not real burger tasting or anything to make it stand out. If you just want to say you had one then give it a go, at least it's not real pricey.
5	Hell yes! That's all I said when I Jumped in line, growing up with a New Yorker in the house you learn a thing or two about the east, one thing I leave was WC! Growing up he always said the freezer boxes weren't the same.. I didn't understand till my first time in his hometown, the greatest experience ever! \nCame to Vegas for my Bday and relieved a Childhood memory of a deprived west coast child, bitter sweet coming without pops but I know he's looking down smiling because I ordered the same way he used to! The service was Great! The line was Short the fries fell short on taste but that's expected they aren't known for the fries not bad but not amazing.. The employees were great! Very involved! Over all a great experience this will be a go to spot for me every time I come to Vegas!
2	White Castle in NY is the best. When I visit that place is a must eat, a few times during visit we buy by the case. Well I live in henderson for 8 years. They were in silverton casino for the food truck fair. I waited in line for over an hour. They were worth waiting for. Cost 1.00 each. Today I went to the strip to get some. Very disappointed.   \nThe burgers were over cooked, no ketchup , no salt and the roll was like it was sitting unwrapped for hours. Dry and firm.Like a hamburger roll gets when left in sun.\n\nIn NY you are able to watch them make them. Seems like they are not making them the same way.  Corporate needs to bring out someone to train them and I don't  mean a manager. There was a lady in NY that was there for over 20 years. Food could be good but the chef has to cook it good.......
2	WOW! So disappointing. Perhaps I was all about that Harold and Kumar hype but really...? Why did they travel far af to get these soggy ass sliders? \n\nDon't expect anything fabulous at White Castle. Pretty disappointing. It was rather expensive for 4 sliders & fries. The bun was really airy, could have been a good or bad thing depending on how you like dem buns. The patty was a sliver. Pretty sad.\n\nThe meal itself served its purpose of helping me hold my alcohol for the night soooo... 2 stars.
2	First off, it's definitely not worth the 2 + hour wait. Wait like a month or so to go when the hype is over. My friend and I, being locals, drove from Henderson to the strip to try White Castle out. My family is from the east coast so I've experienced it before, but my friend hadn't. \nAfter our long wait, I ordered a combo with 4 sliders, a side, and a drink and I ordered the 10 slider pack to take back home to my grandma. My friend ordered 4 sliders, a side, and a drink. I received my order fairly quickly after ordering. \nI ate my food and waited an extra 30 minutes before my friend got his. I order 10 more sliders than he did. He went up 3 times to ask what was taking so long and the guy calling out orders said he had his ticket there and he would call him. Still nothing. He finally went and asked the cooks and they made his sliders right then and there. I don't see what the problem was. \nAlso, two of my sliders had a pickle and two didn't. The fact that they are already inconsistent is pretty bad.
2	2 stars cause the guy cleaning tables was quick and very friendly. Otherwise... This doesn't really taste like white castles from back home. Way soggy.
2	Eh...not impressed and not worth the hype. Very little meat (almost paper thin), fries were dry, and more like ore ida frozen fries. Just really not impressed.
2	Late night munchies! Line was long and the security guards act like they're PD.... it's a white castle for God's sake... ! Oh yeah...get ready for some mean gas!  Fart game food. Most definitely a good time to play the fart game after eating at this place. Are the sliders on the east coast soggy because this place had the soggiest of the soggy.  Not a big fan. The microwave white castle burgers were way better and didn't give me the farts.
2	I hated it ! I'm from Chicago and I was excited about the idea more than the food. Onion chips WTF n was cold had to send back . Save the calories !! :-(
1	I'm from New York where we could get these any time. When I moved here 15 years ago, I called corporate and inquired about opening a franchise out here. No go, All stores are corporate owned. Bought the boxed frozen White Castle's from Smiths for years. Finally was so excited they opened a store out here. Finally made time to go and check it out. Really? The burgers here don't even compare to the frozen boxed ones, and are not even in the same ball park of the traditional ones from NY. They tasted horrible! And in NY they never had pickles on them, where did that come from? In NY we jokingly called them belly bombs, out here they truly are! My stomach hurt for 2 days after eating this crap. I am truly disappointed here and will NEVER go back to this store. The boxed ones at Smiths are WAY better and closer to the real thing you get in NY.
4	Was just as I remembered growing join the Midwest, but the bread was soggy and the prices were a lot hugger. In Michigan, the current price is $4.99 for the number one. Here it's $7.99. I know it's located on the strip, but I was sooooo looking forward to coming here for an affordable meal. \n\nAlso, the employees could at least smile! A smile goes a very long way! Making someone feel welcomed will keep them going back. With that and the prices I won't be in a rush to come back before I leave Vegas.
2	Having lived primarily on the west coast, I have never had the opportunity to go to a White Castle. So whenever I went on a trip to the East Coast, I tried to make White Castle a must visit place. Unfortunately, it always eluded me, thus making the allure of White Castle that much greater. Even when it made its appearance at the food truck festivals, I opted not to wait in the 3 hour line. so when I heard they opened up a location on the strip, I figured I'd try it once and for all. And no, the Wal-Mart ones don't count. I also understand ones expectations usually does not meet their perception when yearning for so long. Plus I heard it's overrated. So when I tried it, I wasn't surprised it wouldn't live up to the hype. But what I didn't expect was for the frozen Wal-Mart ones to be better. That's right, I said it. I like my microwave sliders better. Maybe they rushed to get all orders out quickly, which is why my order felt on the cool side. i have to say though, I went on a Wednesday night and got my order quickly. So that's a plus right? So to end my review, I'll say it was ok. Worth the hype? Nah. Will I go back? Probably not. Vegas is surrounded by burger joints in the same price range. So I think I'll just check this off my list of places to try and move along.
1	I once waited an hour for a seventh course meal and it was still faster than this.  Only reason I even attempted to wait this long is because I made myself believe that the bun was made of Egyptian papyrus scrolls and the meat was made of brontosaurus....
1	I preferred not to give any star at all! Taste nasty. the burger was wet,soft and it's like worst burger I ever had. Burger King's burger is way better than this shit. I don't know this place is so popular.
2	Not worth it. Go to in n out. Or any other burger joint if possible. The service was good but the food wasn't. Very bland, the pickle was the best part.
4	At least, I can chalk this one off the list! What were Harold and Kumar thinking?!? I was just expecting GREATNESS! The sliders were made with a thin soft bun with a small hamburger patty. I'm kind of a lettuce, tomato, and pickle on my burger gal so I found them to be plain for my taste, but not bad. The fries were good. I'd only go back if a friend wanted to go.
1	If I can give this place 0 starts I would !!!! It's the worst place I ever had in my life . I rather eat Burger King . The hype is honestly not worth it !!
2	My first time ever trying White Castle was waaay back in high school straight from the frozen section. I finally got the real thing in Chicago and it was pretty damn good especially for the price. So how's this White Castle in Vegas? \n\nNothing special sadly. There was just something missing. Not only were the prices higher here, the quality was definitely off. Where they took their time in Chicago putting these sliders together, things were rushed out of the kitchen at this location. These sliders were made with hate and you can taste it. The cheese unmelted, the burgers smashed into its containers, and the flavors sorely lacking. Where is the caramelized onion flavor white castle is known for? I thought an establishment that sold out within hours of its grand opening would present something better than cafeteria food.
2	It's nice that we have a White Castle, but the price is too high for the quality of the experience.  The onion crisps are very nice, though.
4	I was tired and exhausted from two nights of clubbing. I spent Sunday afternoon in bed and sleeping on and off. I refused to leave the room.\n\nThen came my amazing friend with a bag full of White Castle goodies and a Serendipity float. I have the best friends in the world. I've never had White Castle before but holy moly it was PHENOMENAL. Maybe it's because I have a thing for tiny foods, but the grilled onions in these babies really make these sliders what they are.\n\nI wish I can say something about the wait or price, but I will do an update on this review when I  can.
5	Good luck finding a White Castle stand-alone restaurant anywhere in California or the West Coast. This White Castle is the closest one I know where I live, but I wouldn't make the drive solely for WC. If I'm going to Vegas, I'm gambling, going to different buffets, and having my fun while I'm out here! I've came here on two separate visits to enjoy WC burgers. Cooked fresh in front of me instead of buying the WC burgers in my local supermarket freezer or convenience store.\n\nI'd imagine this WC gets a ton of foot traffic and their employees getting paid well doing what they do. Do they deserve $15/hr? Hell no! Because of what I said, there will often be long lines which doesn't bother me much. The food is well worth the wait, and if you love their food wouldn't you mind waiting a little longer? They also don't serve burgers, nope. Veggie sliders, fish sliders, etc are also on their menu. I don't come here for anything but their burgers. I mean aren't they known for their burgers? I don't mind variety and options, but In N Out has done so well just serving burgers!
2	This was on my list of food places I had to try when I visited Vegas. I've always been a fan of the frozen ones. I grew up eating those. When I finally visited on 12/17/16, I was sooooo disappointed. \n\nI came pretty late at night and there was a line of people. The line went by fast and I ordered the original slider, cheese slider, chicken ring slider, and the onion chips. Total came to under $20 I recall which is not bad. Food came out fast and I was ready to dig in. The sliders were about the same size as the frozen ones but it seemed a bit smaller, maybe that's just me. But as others have pointed out, these taste just like the store bought ones. Depending on you, this could be a good thing? Maybe you like the consistency? \n\nBut like others, I was just expecting so much more!! I blame the hype surrounding White Castle. This place is too hyped up and I'm not sure how others could give it 3+ stars. \n\nDon't get me wrong, I'm still gonna eat my frozen White Castle sliders. But don't bother going to the actual restaurant. You'll be disappointed!\n\nOnion chips are good tho...?? I guess
2	Four words. Over priced and over hyped. Thumps down. I know your known for small burgers, but seriously guys 5 french fries for $3 dollars is ridiculous. \n\n****Beware!! Patron here only if you are heavily intoxicated. (You will not enjoy these sober.)
5	I lived in Indiana for 9 years. I learned to appreciate White Castle from the locals. I'm going with 5 Stars due to years of memories from that extended experience. This was before things like WC fish burgers and the newest veggie option. I don't understand all the 3 Star reviews and won't even try to. All I can do is state my own opinion. \n\nVenue: Very small shop, by Las Vegas standards,  that is right off the strip and is right next to/inside of  a casino. Most easily reached by walking a distance once you find a place to park. There is no convenient parking to speak of. So I recommend combining a trip to WC with something else. Small eating area that was full because the shop was so busy.\n\nFood: The traditional White Castle menu is very simple. Onion Chips, Regular White Castle Burgers, and White Castle Cheese Burgers. But, I don't eat meat burgers anymore. So I was very interested in trying the fish burgers and veggie burgers. These are non-traditional items. I'm sure some are shocked and appalled with the concept. I was motivated to give these a try as I may not get to the midwest in the near future.\n\nVeggie Burger: Good but a great effort at providing meatless. i appreciate the effort. They provide a choice of sauces with these as they are needed. The fish burgers were a similar strong effort. Well appreciated by those on dietary restrictions. \n\nYes,  I was a bit underwhelmed by the veggie burgers but the chance to indulge myself in old memories was priceless. I'm glad I made the effort to seek out this White Castle experience.\n\nService: 5 Star Service from a very busy crew.
4	White Castle was on my list 'to try' when I was in Vegas. Though I was never a fan of the frozen White Castle sandwich I still wanted to try this one.\n\nThe line was super long when we got there, and waited at least 30mins in line. We ordered two of the Cheese Sliders Combo, which came with 3 cheese sliders, fries and a drink. I wasnt really expecting too much thinking it will taste exactly like the frozen ones, but I thought they were pretty good! I wouldnt say that im obsess with it tho, lol. I would still recommend it if you're in Vegas just to say that you've tried it. Lol.
1	1star is being generous !!!!\n\nDisgusting burger ... I got the 4 burger meal\n\n3 of the 4 burgers did not have a pickle and the onions were not fresh  \nthe fries were not hot ---- yuk !!\n\n\ntables dirty - floors sticky - health dept needs to do an inspection
1	I had high expectations for the famous White Castle this place was nothing great the soda even sucked burgers were freezer burned and the buns were so soggy the onions were disastrous this place is an abomination get your shit together White Castle you've failed us.\nNO STARS IF THERE WAS AN OPTION!!!!\nITS NOT EVEN REAL MEAT ITS GREY COLORED WITH HOLES
2	I really didn't think the sliders were that good here. It seems all hype and its so busy since it's usually on the East Coast and this is the closest location to me (I'm from CA). I don't know if it's worth coming here and looking for this if you're on the strip like we did... The sliders and chicken rings tasted microwaveable and the French fries tasted old and weren't crunchy. My friend also said it tasted just like the ones you can get at the store. The sliders are so small too and they only have a thin piece of meat, cheese, onions and a pickle--not what I was expecting. \n\n#2-- 4 cheese sliders, a small fry and a soft drink were not worth $9.27. Good thing I split it with a friend and we got more food after! \n\nI'm sorry White Castle... I'm not sure if I'll be back. :(
4	Late night snacks? Definitely. I think ti was $4 for a double slider and loaded fries. Can't go wrong with either!
4	Finally people on the west coast get a White Castle Restaurant! For the tourists, it would be easiest to park at The Venetian and then walk south on the strip.\n\nI really liked the Cheeseburger sliders. The way its cooked makes it a little soft, but i really liked it. It's different from all the other fast food places here. The fries are nothing special (just not my thing) but they did have the bonus of reminding me of my childhood. My suggestion would be to get the loaded fries.\n\nCan't wait to go back and try more! I loved that they had Mell Yello!
2	Got a crave case. Majority of the burgers were luke warm or half cold and thrown together sloppily. Time of day was around 3:30am and it wasn't crazy busy. \n\nSpent almost $50 and could have done way better with $15 at dell taco.\n\nThe best part of this experience was the smoke drenched casino attached and the jameson filled Irish coffee you can get while waiting 30min to get inside. \n\nIf you want White Castle go to the frozen food section at your local grocery store.
4	My first time ever!! And it did not disappoint! We grabbed one of the large packs which included 20 sliders. They are small since they are sliders but they are yummy! Flavorful cheesy meaty goodness that melts in your mouth!
2	I ordered one of the combinations and let me start by saying that it was like the food was mush in small buns nasty.\nthe sad part was I really excited to try their food!
4	Our group bought the 30 pack for about 8 ppl and it was so damn delicious! Ate a couple before pre gaming and then ate the rest when we came back. I prefer it with cheese. Minus one star cuz the fries sucked.
5	It was worth the experience to see what all the hype was about. 5 stars for service and burgers....1 star for the prices, although being on the strip I expected to pay more, It was a little much. The frozen ones from the grocery store are just as good:)
1	Wow, this is the worst thing I have ever had. This is not a hamburger I'm not quite sure what this is but it's terrible. I would rather eat a jack in the box and that's not saying much. I'm not sure why people keep telling me this place is good.
5	We thought we would be waiting in line forever but they were quick and efficient! And they taste so damn good!! So glad there's a White Castle on the West Side! :)
4	cool for us west coast people.  came here late night 2 am and maybe 4am.  place was pretty clean.  food came out fast.  no complaints here.  minor issue of someone passed out and some goofballs trying to take pictures of the dude koed.  \n\nyeah-burgers\n        -onion rings\nok-fries\n\nno-chicken rings\n\nfast, quick, easy\ndone!\n\nthe food is w.e but hey now ive been to white castle.  me and harold we did it
4	My friends and strangers alike were telling me, urging me, don't get my hopes up for White Castle. It's not worth it. \n\nBut for me, it was worth it every one bit. I ordered one of every type of burger. The double burger with jalapeno cheese was my favorite--so melty, so soft, so delicious and perfect. I literally could have finished it in a bite. Burgers were not greasy one bit. \n\nWe tried the onion chips as a side since they seemed to be the most unique. I could have done without them, but they were a nice accompaniment. \n\nI love watching the employees make the little burgers. So efficient and coordinated. It's gross looking at the raw little patties (I mean, who knows what's in that meat despite them emphasizing it's 100% beef) but still, it was delicious. \n\nI can imagine myself finishing an order of 30 burgers if I could...\n\nWhite Castle isn't In-n-out, my forever favorite, but every time I'm in Vegas, I'll be making a stop here.
1	Not impressed at all! Was looking forward to this Whitecastle as I had eaten the sliders from the frozen food aisle in the grocery store when I was a teenager. I guess it would be different if I grew up with them and it was nostalgic, but I didn't and they're just gross and $1.59 per slider with cheese... Ridiculous!  Excellent customer service, though...nice people!
5	Very good as I remember them growing up in Bronx N.Y . Have not had one in years. They need to put one in every state. These burgers are good when you have a lot of kids with you.
1	That was probably the most disgusting burger I have ever had. I could only eat the fries. lol
2	The verdict is in......it's a 'Naah' for me. I had been wanting to check this place out after seeing it on a cooking channel about fast food burgers. My little itty bitty teenie weenie, did I mention teenie weenie, oh yea I did, super micro thin patty was a sight to behold if I could find the darn thing! I have never experienced a meat slider so tiny before. The flavor was very meh and it was just very lack luster. The onion finger thingy's were good, they tasted like a crispy onion ring. The fries were the average crinkle frozen fries so party there. Overall, I didn't like it enough to eat there again. On to the next spot!
5	There are only two reasons to go here. And if you're here for any other reasons, then this place is nothing more than a 2 star. \n\n1. You've seen harold and Kumar and they somehow brainwashed you to believe that this is the best burger ever.\n2. You're fucked up and can't make any real logical decisions.\n\nAll of my stars go to Harold and Kumar. The burger gets none. I am never coming back
2	It's an experience not to be repeated.  The burgers are slider size which is fine but they have no taste, ours weren't even warm and why would you want to stand in line for that?
4	First time trying White Castle out and it was what I expected. These little cheap burgers definitely hit the spot. I wasn't expecting the soggy/steamy taste but it was surprisingly good. The area seems a bit sketch and the casino nearby looks a bit run down, but the food was good so I can't complain. I also don't see much crinkle fries around and this place had them! I ended going back the next day to get more of those delicious square burgers. Will definitely come back whenever I'm in Vegas again.
2	honestly, for the trouble we went through to get here, I would not do it again. nothing special about these lil ass burgers. cheeseburgers from McDonald's are way better. trust me.
1	This place was the worst! They hype up this place too much. DO NOT GO IN THERE WITH EXPECTATIONS!!! The burgers look fake and ridiculously tiny. \nSad to say but McDonalds is better! Never again
1	We were so excited to try this place and we highly disappointed. Unfortunately, $60 worth of food went into the garbage. What a waste!
5	I went here for my first time and the food was great. Shaylene was very friendly and patient when my party didn't know what we wanted. She even recommended some items to us.
1	Las Vegas White Castle is NOTHING like an ORIGINAL White Castle.\nVERY rude staff.\nLas Vegas White Castle is nothing like the original White Castle we use to eat from, back in Michigan. The food does not taste the same like the White Castles in Midwest..\nThey don't even offer their best burgers in a the Las Vegas location.
5	I really don't have much to say. I've grown up eating these and when I found out there was one in Vegas, I was stoked. I'll be sure to make my way to Vegas a little more often now.
2	I remember as a kid having White Castle from the frozen food section of the grocery store and I was not too impressed with them back then. So when we saw they had a location to try on the strip I was interested in trying them. Well the taste is no better then what you would get from the grocery store, so might as well stick with that if they are the same plus you don't have to wait in long lines like you do at this place. On the bright side they are pretty inexpensive compared to the other food choices offered on the strip.
4	The food is fabulous, just what I remembered. Strip prices sure, a meal with 2 burgers fries and drink is 7.99. The restaurant it self is small I was expecting a larger place with their fan following but the service was very fast for as busy as they were and we will definitely go back to get our White Castle fix!
4	Great customer service nice location right in the casino. We forgot to ask for cheese and they gave us some on the side for free. Cheese is big deal for me and they were so accommodating.  If u have a big appetite and looking to sober up go to another food place or order like 10 burgers. I ate like four burgers and was still hungry.
2	I was actually expecting something... more exciting. \n\nMy friends and I ordered the sliders.  They tasted pretty okay. The soft texture of the bun, the thin patty, and the diced onions, reminded me of the little hamburgers in the Happy Meals from McDonalds. The presentation is cool and all, with the little boxes, but other than that, there's really nothing special about them. \n\nAnd the way that it's so hard to find somewhere to sit and how messy the area is.. it just kills the appeal some more for me.
2	Was expecting sooooo much but was soooo underwhelmed.  I couldn't even get ketchup or mustard on my burger! Come on man! So disappointed. Better off getting the frozen ones! Oh and it's like triple the price from back home!
2	The place looks okay, but nothing that's too appetizing that I would like yo come back here. \nMy husband and I tried chicken, beef, and fish sliders. And all three of them didn't live up to the flavor, didn't like the food at all.
5	Lov love love this I wished we had this on OAHU, HI!
4	Was at this place last night, and although food is a bit on the expensive side, we were really impressed with the food quality. We found the food to be really tasty and fresh. After reading other comments on this place, I have to agree that service is not the fastest. We were there for quite a bit and were told that some of the meals we ordered (Kebabs) would take about 30 mins to prepare. Other items such as the pizza's came extremely quick (Less than 5 mins maybe). At the end of our night, we were still there for over an hour. Overall, this place was good. The owner was extremely polite and very attentive. He took the time to walk us through the menu, explaining each item and telling us what were his most popular dishes (Mind you this place was a bit slow the night we went). We had a good time and will surely come back. Keep up the good work!
5	Went with two of my friends on a Saturday night...waited a bit in line but this was a happening place so I didn't mind too much.\n\nDecor was really authentic which I liked..get the full experience along with the food.\n\nWe ordered a variety of items so we could get a little taste of everything. I have to say the food came out quick, presentable and taste was amazing. I couldn't find a falt...even the server was nice enough to describe the menu items for us.\n\nWe totally left there with full bellies and not so over priced bill and a craving to come back again.\n\nI think most of you would probably already guess the stars I would give this place..*****.\n\nStay tuned for the next great review!!
1	Came in for Friday dinner. Got seated quickly as it wasn't full. No one came by though to take order. Staff moved around slowly, cleaning other tables, ignoring us. Got fed up and left. Not coming back.
5	Amazing! Very good and friendly service. We had a large group with several kids and the waitstaff was very attentive. The food tasted like it came straight out of Damascus, very authentic! The presentation was beautiful. I loved the attention to detail, from the damascene fountain in the center, to the chandeliers, the staff uniforms, and even the serving platters and utensils. I will definitely return, and I would recommend anyone visiting to check it out.
1	All that glitters is not gold is a perfect proverb which describes my experience at this restaurant!\n\nI was very thrilled about trying this new restaurant in the area and wanted to unravel the hype it had around it and to my disappointment the experience as far as the service and food was beyond pathetic!\n\nThe only reason I would give it one star is due to the beautiful decor and effort to create a beautiful ambience apart from that that the restaurant has literally nothing to offer.\n\nWe walked in on a weeknight and got seated.After being seated we actually had to call in the server to take our order for the appetizer which was humus beiruty and a soup.Well the humus was below average and dry and came out immediately after the order placed but the soup took another 15 mins to be sent to our table.\n\nLater we ordered chicken shawrma, mixed grill and kebabs.All our food came in intervals.First came chicken shawrma which was dry and flavorless.Next after asking for our remaining food the next two items came after a gap of 15 minutes.It all seemed like a joke to us-here we came to sit and enjoy this new restaurant instead we were served with our dinner in bits and pieces-All the mixed grill items looked appetizing but we're extremely dry and flavorless.They lacked the smokey grill taste to it.When we called the server and expressed our concern of the food being extremely dry she told us..THIS IS OUR STANDARD AND SAID TO ME YOU ARE THE FIRST ONE TO SAY THIS..HELLO???The staff needs to be trained to address to the complains/concerns in a better and more professional  manner.\n\nWe also had to call our server to give us our water glasses which I thought was absolutely bizarre.\n\nLastly we didn't order any desert assuming the flavor would be as pathetic as the flavor of the food and honestly didn't have the patience to wait any longer!!
1	The customer service was very very poor. I was shocked by the arrogance of the person who waited at our table because she didn't let us have what we wanted, and didn't help us out either. She was arrogant and condescending in her attitude, making comments like \"I cant come back later to take further orders\", while saying at the same time that what we had ordered was insufficient, and generally being mean about us being non Arabs and therefore not having enough knowledge about Arabic cuisine, which was a mis-judgement on her part. \n\nShe was always trying to make us less confident about what we wanted to eat, and instead kept pushing for us to order more food than we could eat, which we thankfully didn't do, despite her looking down at us like a school teacher from the 19th century. I don't think I will ever go back there if they have this kind of rude service!
4	I came here on a weekday at 7 p.m.  The decor was nice. Even the servers were dressed up in traditional outfits.  Everything Was beautiful,  from the salad  serving dish to the knives and forks.\n\n The food was slightly overpriced. Paid about $17 before tax for literally two handfuls of food; the fried kibbeh.\n\nWhen you order some of the kebabs, its like $16 and the rice is not even included!! You can go to bamiyan kabob, and get two skewers, and salad. And the naan!\n\n  I had a cold appetizer, Muhammara, which was a pomegranate syrup mixture with bread crumbs. It tasted very bitter and I would not recommend it.\n\nHowever because of the atmosphere, that's really what you're paying for. I would recommend this for a nice night out.
2	This was my second experience at Roman Zaman.\n\nI went there the first time because of all the buzz I'd been hearing. The place itself is beautiful, the decor is gorgeous, and it has an overall very warm and inviting Middle Eastern flare to it.\n\nThat's probably as much compliment as I want to give them.\n\nThe first time, they sat us right by the door (we're not picky, so we didn't mind), but they almost forgot about us and took a long time to attend to us. Our food was very dry, and though there was a lot of it, there was almost no flavour. \n\nThe watermelon juice is very good however (which is why we returned for the second time).\n\nThis time it seemed as though they were in a rush to close up shop (we were there at 8:30pm on a Friday). Our waitress seemed to be in a rush to clear our meals and took some of our food away before we even got a chance to say we weren't done with it. \n\nGiving this place 2 stars because of the ambience, decor, and the juice.
4	Decent and affordable Mediterranean food. Nice to see someone is deviating from the norms of parmount and designing a pleasing atmosphere with cool decor and awesome menu options. I only eat the Manakeesh and find them filling with amazing flavour.
5	Sure I can understand why everyone is complaining about wait times, but once you take the first bite of anything on their menu you'll totally understand why.  EVERYONE wants to eat here! The food at this place is superb, delicious and unmatched in quality and presentation to any place in Toronto.  I'm Egyptian; have eaten shawarma all over the world - even in Damascus and Beirut - yet i think their chicken shawarma is the best I have ever had.  So good in fact that I avoid adding any sauces or condiments just to savour the pure rich taste.  You gotta try it.  Pure heavenly shawarma in bread that just came out of the oven. Mmmmm.
4	Excellent food and decor. Went for brunch with a party of four during a weekday at 11:30am. It was our first time. Although we had reservations, there was no wait for walk-ins then. Lunch is when the establishment began getting busy. We ordered mint tea and numerous dishes; hummus, manakeesh; zaatar and cheese with meat and chicken, fatet lahmeh, saj: labaneh and fattoush salad. The salad was dressed with pomegranate and was delicious! I still have a craving for it. The owner came to our table to ask if all was good, which it was. Some reviews indicate the service is not up to speed. It is a new restaurant still, give it a chance (their food is really good! You won't be disappointed) and time to adjust. Despite their slow service at times, the servers do their best to accommodate. I'll definitely be back.
4	Huge portions, lovely interior, and yummy food.\n\nInitially i thought the prices were too pricey, but after recivieing my food i there was no way i can complain about the price given the enormous pile of shwarma that sat in front of me. We first ordered the potatoes and they are fantastic! Crispy on the outside, but hot and soft on the inside, and seasoned perfectly. \n\nNext we ordered some shwarma platters and they were XXL. i gotta say that the chicken shwarma was miles better than the beef, but overall the shwarma dish lacked flavor and was rather bland. \n\nThey also gave us flavored rice and this sweet bread on the side, and they were probably my favorite lol...i liked them much more than my shwarma.\n\n If my review was based purely on the shwarma it wouldnt land more than 3* but the potatoes, sides, and portions were really something else!
5	I loved the experience.\nPerfect atmosphere for singles, families and couples. The food was delicious and the service was very good.\nI especially enjoyed the presentation, I have never seen plating on wooden trays like this before but it looked exceptionally good.
1	Service has really gone down hill. Just as bad as paramount both with respect to food quality and quality of customer service. On top of that my entire family got really messed up after eating the shawarma which they completely forgot to bring out until we made a fuss twice  (they brought all the rest of the food out 15 mins ahead). The only nice thing is the decor. But honestly as a person of middle eastern decent this place is terrible.
2	The restaurant is beautiful inside so I would give it 5 stars for the ambiance but that's the only thing that deserves 5 stars. Food was just mediocre, not the worst but not the best either. We ordered quite a few things to share so I tried few different things but I forgot half the things we ate already and I only went last night so that just shows how memorable the experience was! \n\nThe worst thing about this place was the customer service, place was busy so I keep giving servers the benefit of the doubt but they were just plain terrible! Our server was either tired or bored, she completely seemed out of it. She was walking around lazily staring in space, (weird!) never came to ask us if we needed anything and keep forgetting to bring us things we requested. When we tried asking another server for cutlery, he just said I will get you your server and walked away and we ended up waiting another 10 mins for our bored server to bring us forks..\n\nAll in all, we won't be returning to eat expensive mediocre food in a beautiful restaurant with bad customer service..
2	This is my third time over at Roman Zaman, and my last time.  I almost have the same experience every time I go there. Sat down, 5 minutes later(only two tables occupied) the waitress came to ask me if I'm ready to order ( no one asked me if I want to start with a drink or an appetizers)Waited long time for the food and a longer time for some one to recognize that I'm here. I waited 37 minutes to have some one to come and ask me if I'm ready to check out, or even if I want a drink. I can get same or even better quality food some where else, with a much better service. That is it for me.
5	Well I am impressed. Food 5 Ambience 5 Portions good size. Waiting at least 30-40 mins for weekend dinner. Service is very slow but I ll definitely go again. Pom Molasses sauce is must try with every savoury item.
4	Wonderful experience and food. Family and friends enjoyed the indoor water fountain sound. It took us absolutely to middle east theme, cant wait to try their Kabab this Saturday.
5	I did my engagement ceremony in Roman Zaman. Since we first met the hostess to talk with her about the event, we noticed how friendly and professional the staff was. Decoration was authentic lovely syrian decoration and its clear that the owner spent alot on it. Unique atmosphere. The serving utensils were unique, made of authentic copper and made especially for Roman Zaman from abroad. We were directed to the Manager, Mr. Nabeel, who was very friendly, professional, helpul and accomodating. The event was in Ramadan Holy Month on Iftar Buffet, he modified the buffet menu according to our own preferences and our guests although we did not book the whole resturant (35 adults event only+ children). All staff were very helpful! Food was very delicious with high quality and our guests had great time! They put music for us during the ceremony and performed all ceremony related activities perfectly. It was a very joyful day! The staff even congratulated us! We felt like one big family with them. I highly recommend Roman Zaman for events!
5	Good food and they staff is very friendly. They quality of the food is not as good as paramount.
1	So we went there on a Saturday. \nFor starters we ordered the sausage which was too dry.\nShawermas very extremely dry as well.\nThe mixed grill has no taste at all.\nAll the meat was hard .\nIts really overpriced restaurant.
4	So I decided to try Roman Zaman today with a few friends I have invited to Mississauga to have lunch as they were looking for a Middle Eastern experience. I wanted to try something new so this was a perfect chance to take them somewhere where I would be able to try something new as well.\n\nMy review strictly in relation to other middle eastern experiences in Mississauga and heres my breakdown,\n\nPros\n- great location with lots of parking\n- very clean restaurant with an amazing syrian ambiance \n- Amazing Falafel, Hummus with meat, Tabouleh, and baked items such as cheese and meat manaeesh, shish tawooq\n- Exceptional custard and mhalbeeyeh puddings for dessert\n- great arabic coffee and tea\n- customer service was relatively exceptional they were very friendly and warm however, they seemed staffed appropriately and I can tell they struggled a bit when it got busy but still manageable.\n-My non arabic friends loved it start to finish\n\nCons\n- I found it noticeably pricer than other middle eastern restaurants in Mississauga who offer the same kind of food\n- The fries: hey it came with the chicken tawooq, but might as well remove it from menu.\n\nI would rate my overall experience here 9/10 and would have probably given it a 10 if it wasn't for the pricing. I really hope this place maintains their quality of food and service so they don't end up like other arabic restaurants that start up so well and then fall apart.
1	Very bad service had to wait for 40 min and didn't get fork or plate or the tea or coffee. Restaurant manager and stuff are so reluctant and inexperienced. Had to leave without eating anything. Don't recommend anyone to go.
1	Went for lunch with my husband. Firstly we waited for a little while because the two servers who were working thought it was better to hang out in the kitchen rather than serve their customers. Once our server finally arrived he was neither cordial nor accommodating which resulted in my husband asking him to call the manager. The manager decided not to come and because he was busy on his computer. Whereafter my husband approached the manager and asked him why he refused to come and deal with the complaint that we had. Instead of apologizing the manager in a pompous and highly disrespectful manner said he was too busy and had many other employees so he did not need to come and deal with every complaint that was raised by the customers! In the food industry not only is the customer always right but managers/owners have to be decent and need to have basic etiquette when dealing with their customers rather than being an absolute jerk. The food is no doubt good but if this is what one is supposed to expect from the owner/manager then it's definitely not worth eating. The manager needs to understand he is not living in the Middle East but in Canada and his attitude needs to definitely be kicked out the door if he wants to run this business successfully!
1	We went to this place around 830 pm. The places closes at 10 pm. There were a few empty tables. We were a table of 7. I would not recommend this place for parties of 6 or more. The host took forever to talk to us and then they claimed they had to stop taking orders (an hour early). Definitely a not recommend - rude and don't want your $$
5	we were group of 8 and went there last night. We wanted to try new place but reluctant to try this place due to low ratings. Trust me I have been to so many places but this one was awesome. serving was great from starter salad/ humus to main course meat platter (I'm not a fan of beef or lamb/goat due to typical smell but the person assured me for no smell and yes it was awesome)and fresh pom/watermelon juice. service was quick and food was fresh. I found it much much better then bakhtar, baamiyan and paramount. We will definitely refer to friends and return again soon.overall beyond our expectations. Owner was nice and generous too getting a fair feedback.
4	Get the hummus with meat + fattet hummus + mhamara Saj and you will not regret it! Very authentic Mediterranean (Syrian/Lebanese) food and atmosphere. The food is delicious actually, and the decor and ambiance is very pretty. Took one star off for the service: they all seem to have a \"holier than thou\" attitude, which gets really annoying really quickly.
4	Very Solid choice for a middle eastern restaurant.\nI don't think i have had better middle eastern food in the GTA.\n\nThe highlight of our food was the hummus with pomegrante and beef, really innovative and extremely tasty.\nWe also tried kibbeh mix and grilled mix and everything was good. Their bread is made fresh and the best part about the bread is it doesn't get hard like other breads from middle eastern restaurants do ahem..  paramount ahem ..
4	Excellent authentic Syrian food and outstanding decor. Mixed grill platter is recommended as well as the suj. Lemon/mint drink is refreshing.\n\nThey don't take reservations so if you are with a large group expect a bit of a wait. This is a very busy restaurant.\n\nWould have got a 5/5 on food + ambiance alone if the service was not so shabby.
4	Very tasty and authentic middle eastern food.  Mixed Grill platter and garlic Chicken wings were a favourite.  Cardamom tea is also a must. The service is very good and price is reasonable.  You have to experience dinner in this gracious place.
4	Went here for a family dinner and everyone enjoyed it. The restaurant has great ambiance and the decor is beautiful. The service was also decent. Only complaint is that their juices and tea are very overpriced- not worth it.
4	Lovely Arabic ambience! Good Food ! Loved the presentation... Wish they had more servers.... Service is the only reason I can't give them a 5 star.....
4	Venue - Loved the venue, interior is beautifully decorated with a cozy Arabic feel.  \n\nService - While there doesn't seem to be much structure (asked several times if we were being served by different servers), they were very accommodating, willing to explain every dish and offered to heat my dish even though it is typically served cold :) (I was freezing) \n\nFood - Very good! I had the fattet hummos with yogurt ($7.99). It was a large bowl filled with a delicious blend of whole chickpeas and pita bread pieces in a tahini/yogurt base and topped with a few pomegranate seeds. They even offered to heat it up for me even though it's typically served cold. \n**This dish is also typically only served on weekends at Paramount, so it was great that they offered as a regular menu item. \nFriend had the fattoush salad and falafel, both really good! \n\nPrices - not bad, I think they went up by about a dollar on every dish. \n\nWould return again!
1	I've been curious about this place ever since the sign went up a few months ago. Today, I finally had a chance to check it out. As I was sitting at the restaurant, I gave it a solid 3*, maybe even 3.5* in my mind. My rating kept changing towards the end of the day and right now, 8 hours after the meal, it's a ZERO (well, obviously it's 1 star because I can't give zero stars). Wanna find out why? Read on.\n\nThe restaurant is beautiful. There's no question about it. It's probably the nicest Middle Eastern restaurant in Mississauga (side note: GOOD, at least that 1 star is justified).\n\nWe came here on Monday, around 4:00 p.m. The restaurant was pretty much empty, with only one other table occupied. I must confirm what others have said before me: the service is really, really slow. Clearly, even if the place isn't busy. I have no idea how they handle busy dinner time (we were still there well after 5:00 p.m. when the dinner crowd showed up - that's how long it took to have late lunch there). I can definitely understand the other 1 star reviews. But I digress.\n\nWe ordered the mixed shawarma platter (chicken and beef), a chicken skewer and a ground beef skewer. It took a long time to get our food, so I was hoping I would't be let down. Both skewers were fine but nothing special. The chicken shawarma was good and tender (though too bland for my liking) and the beef shawarma was awful. You could actually SEE how terribly dry it was. You could probably choke while trying to swallow it. The only thing that was really good was the pita bread. \n\nAfter we finished our meal, we waited for about half an hour to get our bill. 30 minutes I will never get back. Service seriously blows here. I doubt that any of the servers has ever worked at a restaurant. They all looked like they had no idea what they were doing the whole time we were there.\n\nAnyway, we're still at 3ish* here. \n\nThen my stomach started to feel heavy. And I wasn't the only one feeling this way. Mind you, we split one shawarma dish (basically half of it, since we skipped the super duper dry beef) and 2 small skewers (I only tried a little bit of both), so it's not like we just had a huge meal.\nIt's now well past midnight and I still can't digest that friggin lunch. It keeps repeating on both of us. Ughh, so gross. \n\nAnd this, Yelpers, is a story of how to lose 3 stars within 8 hours.
4	Beautiful setting and decor. Not crammed Like most Arabic spots. Service was excellent, staff are very friendly and attentive. Most of the food was very good. Didn't really car much for the Fatoush and Yalanji. Otherwise everything was great. will definitely be coming back!
5	One of my friend had recommended me this place. When someone recommends me something I make sure I go to that place and order almost everything they have and thats what exactly I did over here too. \n\nI had ordered for starter Cheese Falafel Saj, Hummus and Mutabbal. This was the best fresh Saj I have had in Canada by far. Main course I ordered Roman Zaman Platter, Sheesh skewer, Arayes and Fattoush. After taking my order the server asked me \"Sir are you sure this isn't too much?\" I don't regret ordering all this because everything I ordered was GOOD.\n\nDecor: 5.0\nService: 4.0\nFood: 4.0\n\nOverall this place is the best Middle eastern food you can get in Mississauga. \n\nRecommendation: Don't forget to order Saj !
1	We went there at 9.50 and despite them closing at 10.30pm, they turned 4 paying customers. Either change your official timings so people do not drive all the way just to be turned down.\n\nThe food was good last time but the pomegranate juice was expensive and not fresh, despite them saying it was!
4	Excellent food!\n\nWe had the beef/chicken shawarma plate, shush tawook plate, the mixed grill special, zatar bread, and the thin strips is steak.  EVERYTHING was delicious!  The bread and rice with the meal was so fresh and flavorful!\n\nThe restaurant is beautifully designed and was very clean.  Our table had nice cutlery and the servers were dressed in traditional clothing which was a nice added touch!\n\nThere is a nice little fountain the middle of the restaurant and the fire oven is visible through a glass wall.  The bathroom is very clean.\n\nThere is a prayer space which is very clean and comfortable and this is greatly appreciated!!!\n\nI've been a customer of paramount for years but this place had the potential to be a lot better.  High quality food that is fresh and with a much nicer ambience.\n\nThis was out first visit and I'm looking forward to coming back soon!
5	Went there couple of days ago.  \nThe restaurant is in a very good location.  The style is very unique and traditional.  Amazing. \nMusic is nice and suitable. \nFood was amazing it kills paramount and any Arabic food in mississauga.  \nFair amount of serving for what you are paying for People might think it is a little pricy,  but honestly it is worth it.  \nServers were young people,  but good enough to handle the service.  \nClean place.  \nA lot of food and drinks options.  \nI am going to come back to try their manakeesh.  \nHighly recommended.  \nAsk for morad,  he served my table and did a great job along his coworkers. \nI hope they keep up the high quality and maybe get the workers to smile a little more :)
4	Someone had recommended this place to me, so decided to go there with some of my friends.\n\nWe were seated within few minutes of arrival by a very friendly staff member dressed in traditional Syrian (I think) outfit. \n\nWe ordered hummus to start with and it came with fresh pita. I wish I had known that they will refill pita as we finished all of the hummus by it self before they refilled pita tray. \n\nFood was delicious and different than usual mediterranean joint. Their pomegranate and date drink was great.\n\nvery nice ambiance.
5	Ok this place is super awesome! \n\nMy family and I came here with some friends and man were we blown away. Being Lebanese, I can appreciate and acknowledge good middle eastern food and Syrians know how to cook! Their flavours are different from ours but still just as tasty! \n\nThe lentil soup I had was better than the one my mom makes! And my mom is an amazing cook!! So I was shocked when the flavours just kept on coming, the Fatteh was delicious, the Taboul\u00e9 was tasty and the fatouch salad was different, I could have used some more sumac myself but it was a pleasant and satisfying different flavour pallet to a classic. \n\nI love the falafel, they had a perfect balance of cumin and the right amount of crunch. \n\nI think the only thing I thought was a little different and odd was my father ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich and they were served on a bun instead of pita. Don't get me wrong, he said it was tasty, but I'm used to it being on pita not a bun. I think next time I'd ask if they can put it on something different. \n\nOtherwise this place is going to be a regular spot for my family and I!! \n\nCheck it out, oh and during the week... MAKE RESERVATIONS, it's always packed! Lineups out the door!
5	I absolutely love this place. The service, the ambiance and most of all the food is incredible.  Everything is super fresh and amazingly tasty\n\nI recommend it and cant wait to return\n\nTry the lemon with mint juice, the fattoush, tabboule was the freshest i ever had, the mhammara, the dessert.  Ohh i loved everything i ordered\n\nA few birthdays were celebrated while i was there and it was very special\n\nThe service was great and it was a full restaurant.  \n\nI give it a ten on ten rating
4	We prefer the traditional dinners which are not on the menu. They can pretty much cook up anything traditional for you. this is one of our highly preferred establishments that resembles cookeries back home. Keep up the great work.
1	I'd been eyeing this place for months so when the opportunity presented itself, I immediately dragged my family to come here with me. I'll admit that while reading the reviews, I was in two minds. There were really great ones, and then there were really bad ones. It was between here and Watan or Kandahar, so for the sake of trying something new, we chose Roman. Unfortunately, we left wishing we had gone to one of those instead. You've surely heard the saying, \"all that glitters isn't always gold\"? Tolkien must have had Roman Zaman in mind when he wrote that. As far as the copper cultery & decoration goes, we were certainly impressed. Service was seemingly good at the beginning but quickly became annoying. \n\nUpon walking in, you're greeted by a beautiful, very traditional bench you can't help but sit down on and take a few pictures. All my energy went in to ensure my mother didn't pull out her phone to take a picture and instead be seated. Besides the bench, there's an odd out of place table at the front of the store with beautifully decorated bowls which also consumed equally as much energy out of me as my mum wanted to take them home. That pretty! Albeit very out of place. Ever been in a science fair where they display their projects on a table and you walk past and stare? It pretty much looked like an elementary school science fair exhibit. \n\nWe were seated very quickly and presented the menus (which were falling apart and could have used an upgrade or two) and our server gave us a few minutes before coming back to take our orders. Not long after he took our orders, the food came out. Rather promptly for a national holiday which we expected to be quite busy, however, was not (which is great if you're a family of hermits like we are!). I'd seen pictures of the food which looked colourful and opted for mushroom and lentil soup. The mushroom soup was superb, the portions of both were adequate considering it was a starter. Now, this is where it kind of went downhill and my initial excitement dissipated. The menu also stated that the lentil had carrots which were nowhere to be found. Unless they were mashed in, in which case, they were nowhere to be tasted regardless. The lentil soup was essentially \"daal\" (if you're South Asian, you know!) so avoid that if you're South Asian like I am and have that at home in your yogurt containers in the fridge (little bit of an inside joke there). So I had high expectations for the lentil soup but in the end, nothing special. My sister also ordered Yalanji which never showed up until mid-way through our meal when we called the server and he went to the kitchen to ask. Turns out, they were out of it - meaning their food isn't fresh, but pre-cooked. The mains are what really let us down the most! Especially my sister. She got a meat kebab of sorts. We didn't expect GIGANTIC portions, but neither did we expect that tiny of a portion. On a sad looking lonesome, soggy pita sat one lone (and small!) kebab. If it was one BIG or even a feasible kebab, trust me, I would not be bitching about it as much. But it was TINY! With my sister being coy and not wanting to bother anybody or speak up about it, much to my dismay, she accepted her fate and dug in. It was actually depressing! We all ended up sharing our platters with her and even then, we had to drive her to a nearby place to grab some food and drink. One of the biggest signs of poor dining, when you leave starving. Fix up!\n\nAs for myself, I ordered the chicken escalope with french fries and a \"salad.\" Salad being in quotes because I literally got a spoon of parsley/coriander with four measly pomegranates on top next to it. The escalope (breaded chicken essentially) was more than forgettable and I've never had something more bland. No pita with it. Nothing. Huge, huge, huge disappointment for what you're paying. The sauces that were provided were afterthoughts, mere spoonfuls shoved in to a tiny container that was gone within seconds - not because it was delicious, but because it was barely in there. \n\nService was good at the start. Then it got annoying as we were being watched & constantly badgered while we ate. The server kept coming to pick up plates WHILE we were still eating, and had the audacity to ask if everything was good afterwards. Got ready to finish a soup and it was gone! Not only did the server keep roaming around like a fly but also the manager. Probably because we weren't locals neither were we Arab? We stuck out like a sore thumb.  Looking back at the photos of other reviewers, we were better off sticking to the appetizers and teas because those were bigger and looked a hundred times more filling than the actual entrees which were a waste of money. Wanted to love this place but leaving with a horribly bitter taste in my mouth...and not from the Arabic coffee! It gets a one lonely star from me
2	I thought I walked into the women's washroom. What an arrangement for the washrooms for a middle eastern place. I walked in confused as one can be and I see \"M\" and \"W\". Simple but confusing when their is no separation between the two and the stalls are right in front of you. I look to my left and a girl is doing her make up who runs into the stall as I see her. So confused and maybe embarrassed that I was in the wrong area I run into the stall that I have now figured out belongs to the men`s side. For a moment I thought I was the actor unknowingly being filmed in a Bollywood movie with the turn of events that took place to warrant me to write an entire paragraph on their washroom situation.\n\nSo despite my comments the food was quite decent. I liked the chicken and presentation. I like the ethnic sufi wear they where wearing as servers. I liked the clean d\u00e9cor. \n\nBack to the bad again though. Service. Fail! Why? My friend got his Sujuk 15 minutes before me while I waited for my shish tawook platter. The shish tawook platter was $14.99 - a bit high for an average restaurant with minor service. The cups that we initially had on our table for water had some water in them - do they clean them after a customer leaves? I took my chances on that one. The bread came at the end of the meal? I thought bread was an appetizer, shouldn't it be placed as the first thing? I mean, I am not a foodie, but I would think these are standard things.\n\nI was quite excited about a new Syrian restaurant since the last one that opened near my home, Damas. I would say they are an equal pairing of different interpretations of Syrian d\u00e9cor and food. Try both once I say!
5	Best middle eastern food in North America hands down. Portions are huge. Staff is extremely professional and attentive at all times. It's really authentic, I felt like I was eating in Syria.
5	Amazing food and authentic dishes, helpful and friendly staff, beautiful Arabic decoration. The taste of the pomegranate sauce is well integrated with the dishes and this is what makes this place special. It is yet the best place in Mississauga. I highly recommend it!
4	This review is based on my recent visit to Butter Avenue for their complete afternoon tea experience, promoted on the website as \"you can taste a little bit of Paris and Tokyo all together in Toronto\". It was a hot day, so I was impressed they offered fruit-infused iced tea as an option alongside their decent selection of classic hot teas. My friends and I were quite late, but staff treated us quite well and didn't make a fuss (that said, it wasn't very busy).\n\nAfternoon tea here is pricey - just over $50, which is the same price as what the Fairmont Royal York charges. I get that its a hot trend and a bit of an extravagance, but that also makes me more particular about the details. The savoury selection is quite meagre and this is where they might improve. We had a mini quiche (complete with a quail's egg), which was on the dry side. This was followed by an impressive retinue of artisanal breads, sweets, and my choice of three macarons, which is where they really shine! Everything looked beautiful - so much so, that pedestrians outside repeatedly stopped to look in at us through the window. \n\nTo appeal to customers seeking a later lunch, they should round out the savoury selection with a bit more protein-containing foods. I arrived very hungry but left feeling somewhat queasy after indulging in so much sugar and bread. I'd return here for tea if they replaced some of the bread and cracker-type selection with something more substantial. Until then, I'll settle for dropping in just for their delicious macarons.
2	Tried it the first time on Valentine's Day got half a dozen macaron and a pistachio tart/cake. The presentation and the box was really nice, however the macaron texture was very stale. Some were chewy and one was crunchy (fall apart) it seems they they started making them few days ago in anticipation of Valentine's Day as it will be a busy day. The flavour was good but the texture of it seems like a day or two old. \nThe tart/cake was good though!
4	I love the seasonal macaroons! Their magi cake,  honey-like macaron and emperor tea are to die for! I absolutely love it :)
5	Butter Avenue always went above and beyond in delivering new flavours and products. On top of that, wonderful services, the company's well trained staffs are well known in the city. As another business owner I understand how challenging it is to train every employee to represent the company's value and philosophy every second they serve the customers. Much respect for Butter Avenue on this.\n\nMy favourite is the earl grey macaron, if there is one thing I can have everyday in life this will be it. I'd like to recommend more edgy and contradicting / mixed flavours that surprises our tastebuds ... how about wasabi+custard / sesame+sriracha / watermelon+basil ?\n\nLooking forward to see how the company will evolve in future. Quality brand comes with attention to details and determination lead the industry :)
5	I've been on a search for a good French Macaron for awhile. Coming from Michigan, there aren't many good places-- most are either filled with buttercream (which are too rich and buttery for my liking) or are cracked and crumbled by the time you purchase them. Prior to our vacation to Toronto, I decided to search for patisseries that made good French Macarons. I stumbled across many positive reviews from Butter Avenue (and also many great pictures!)\n\nOn our first day in Toronto, we stopped by and purchased a box of 6 French Macarons for $13.50 as well as two pastries -  the St. Honore Mango ($7.50) and Terre Et Neige ($7.15). We also purchased a container of mini macarons and three additional pastries for our family friends we were visiting! For the Macarons, they had many choices for it being 1-2 o'clock in the afternoon. We ordered the Salted Caramel, Caramel Macchiato, Cream Cheese Passionfruit, White Chocolate Strawberry, Lychee and Raspberry, and Matcha. Our favorites were the Salted Caramel, Caramel Macchiato, White Chocolate Strawberry, and Lychee and Raspberry. :) The owner/worker also gave us a bag of Chocolate Hazelnut (Langues de chat) for free! (Thanks again! :) ) The pastries were both very delicious ( light and not too sweet - but how I like it). On our last day in Toronto, we returned to purchase more French Macarons and two more pastries to bring home.\n\nWe purchased three boxes of six (three going to family friends back in Michigan) and one for ourselves. We chose majority of the same flavors that we enjoyed and ordered two more pastries -- the Terre Et Neige again (sooo delicous), and the St Honore Aux Pistachio (which was soo delicous! - I'm not a pistachio person at all and I enjoyed this dessert). \n\nStaff was very welcoming and kind, and desserts are amazing. Great selection, and very fresh! Pastries are light, fragrant, and not too sweet! One recommendation I would suggest is to create a pastry that doesn't have any nuts in it! (We wanted to purchase one for another friend back home with a nut allergy but unfortunately the worker was unsure of which had nuts and macarons have almond powder) \n\nHighly recommend! Will definitely return on our next vacation here :)
5	Im almost upset at myself for falling into the trap. The trap of being lured in with these amazing soft yet chewy bites of delight. How can something so small make me so incredibly happy? The first macaron i ever tried was the real deal, it was a Laduree macaron in Paris and ever since I have been hooked on these.  Ive tried many macaron places but i must say that the macarons at Butter avenue are as close as it gets to the macarons i had in Paris. \nMy favourite flavours are the lavender, green tea, and earl grey. My least favourite would have to be the lemon. Overall, the flavours are very natural tasting and dont give off that very fake artificial after taste. I must say that I haven't tried any of their other desserts but why would I when i can have macarons? \nI come here almost 4 times a month and every time is more enjoyable as the last. This is also a great place to get a gift for a girlfriend or loved one because their packaging is super cute and their macarons are super delish!
5	Dale a tu cuerpa alegria Macarons!  It's not the Macarena, but the Macarons at Butter Avenue will make you want to dance.  The texture is kind of chewy, but not stick to your teeth chewy.  There are many flavors to choose from; they are all good.  My favorite is sea salt caramel.\n\nDon't forget to pair it with a cup of their wonderful coffee.  I had 2 Americano's inside of 20 minutes there.  If I had stayed any longer, I would have been bouncing off the walls.  It's a very nice place by the way: very zen.\n\nI have to agree with Gary S. on the boxes (even though my friend had a tough time figuring out how to put it together).  Proprietors Calvin and baker Tina are very talented. Well worth the trip!
5	Excellent customer service. Friendly staff who are willing to take their time to explain the different flavours of macarons and cakes. After the lady was done packaging the deserts, I realized that I forgot to to tell her that we are looking for gelatine free and alcohol free deserts. Without hesitating she right away explained that one of the macaron has gelatine in it and replaced it with another. She went on to explain that all other macarons are gelatine and alcohol free. Since the purchase was a gift and we wouldn't have the opportunity to try them for ourselves, we were given the opportunity to try a free macaron! Loved this place. It's clean and quiet. Will definitely be returning. You guys need to try the salted caramel macaron. It was so good!
4	This if one of my top choices whenever I am craving for sweets. My favourite is their sea salt caramel, it is SO GOOD! The sea salt caramel is a must try! \n\nOther flavours I really like: Green tea, earl grey, lavender \n\nThe macarons are $2.25 each, and $13.50 for a box of 6 \nThe cakes are around $7. The mango tart and the pistachio tart has two macarons on them each, so $7 seems reasonable since the macarons are priced $2.25 each.\n\nThe green tea cake has one macaron on it. Then, there are some cakes with no macarons on it.
4	Okay this is an amazing place for desserts. Not only are the macarons delicious but their tarts were heavenly!\n\nGot the St. Honore vanille $7.95 and it was so rich, flavorful and buttery. I probably could've eaten it all without any help... Though I'd feel guilty. \n\nMacarons $14 for 6 or $2.35 for 1. $46.50 for 20. A wide variety of flavours. Expensive but definitely worth it if youre craving macarons! \n\nMy friend got the Easter Hunt special which was a medium sized tart with macarons on top $29.50 and it probably was amazing. \n\nEverything looked and tasted amazing. My mouth is still watering!
5	After eating my fair share of macarons from patisseries in Paris (Pierre Herme and Laduree) and from New York (Francois Payard, La Maison du Macaron and Bouchon bakery) I can say Butter Avenue makes one of the best tasting macarons around. Great distinct flavours, my two favourites are the white chocolate strawberry and the lemon. Cakes are fabulous too, I tried the foret blanche, it had a rich vanilla mousse with a layer of sour raspberry to cut the sweetness. They serve an excellent coffee as well. The decor is minimalist with warmth, a comfortable atmosphere to have a coffee and desserts. Will definitely be back!
4	Very nice and simple place...it definitely has the best Macaron in town. \n\nDropped by today to pick up some mini ones $7.50 plus tax...super super cute!!! Apparently they still have the heart-shaped ones available for $20 bucks. Matcha is my fav...since it is supposed to be full with antioxidant :P  They really melt in your mouth. Macaron is $2.25 each; cake slice is over $8 per slice...a bit on the pricey side.  Great service, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. For sure is a cool place to chill...except it is kinda out of the way of any major shops/attractions/interactions. \n\nDidn't have a chance to try any drinks there, will do next time :)
4	Been coming here for about 1 year. Their macarons and coffee are really good. Service has always been amazing and they make amazing recommendations. Some of their desserts are pretty good and their cakes made to order are at a reasonable price. Personally, I love the salted caramel macaron and their salted caramel latte. \n*Only negative thing is there's not enough seating.
4	Great variety of flavours to choose from, but a bit on the sweeter side.\n\nI wish they offerred a cozier atmosphere ie comfortable seating.
4	Personally I do enjoy eating their macaroons\n\nThey may not be the authentic macaroons, but I think they have their own unique qualities about them. First off these are chilled macaroons, since they use a butter cream filling instead of a ganache. Which was interesting I do like chilled sweets so that was nice.There was a great variety of flavors! Many macaroon shops in Toronto do not have as many, for the unique-ness of the flavors each shop has their own. This place has pumpkin spice, hazelnut cranberry, popcorn and many other different flavors (some may be limited time or seasonal). They also sell mini-macaroons and  on valentines day they have heart shaped ones.\nThe macaroon cookie has a crunchy outside and soft centre which is great.\n\nNote: Service is also well delivered :)\n\nOverall this is a yummy and cute place to visit.
5	My absolute favorite place for a nice pick me up - and if my wallet isn't as flat as it usually is from the amount of money I spend on food. \nThis place is very clean and fresh; everything is decked out in a simplistic white theme. I think this is to help the colorful and cute macarons stand out! \nCustomer service was great - they offered great advice for which macarons were the most popular and always ask me what I'm in the mood for (sweet, fruity, mild, etc) They also really took care of me and my friend. I asked for a glass of water and they gave me a variety of options - extremely hospitable and friendly. Don't be afraid to ask them any questions or approach them. (:\nMy favorites are the Earl Grey, Salted Caramel, Passion Fruit, Caramel Macchiato .. Oh God, I'm already craving a box of these suckers. ):\nDefinitely give this place a try if you're ever in the area! I really want to try out their cakes but they're so expensive for me .. One day, Butter Avenue. One day.\nIf you're in a generous mood, always pick up a box for your parents, friends, boyfriend, or whatever; I know I always pick up a box for my dad. ($13.50 including tax for a box of 6)\nWorth the small splurge of money for a little taste of heaven.
4	My gf is a big fan of this place and you know what they say \"happy wife happy life\" haha.  They are one of the premier macaron cafes in Toronto and there is always a line up or items sold out during special occasions.  \n\nI often come here to load up on treats for those special occasions throughout the year like birthdays, anniversaries and valentines day.  Not to mention days where you did something wrong! :P Shhhh!\n\nThe choices are vast and my gfs personal favorites consist of sea salt caramel, pistachio and earl grey to name a few.  The special seasonal flavours also add a nice mix into their staple menu.  Be sure to come early to get the fresh batches that roll out of the kitchen. \n\nI'll definitely keep coming back so long as my girl continues to crave these little pricey treats.  Be sure to make your orders in advance for Valentine's day.  I know I will!  Although on the pricey side, these are probably some of the best macarons in Toronto by far!
4	Came in on a Friday night at 9pm, and had no line-up to wait through! Maybe I was expecting a \"Magnum\" size line considering Butter's reputation, but definitely a pleasant surprise.\n\nGot a half dozen, including their tried-and-true Salted Caramel, and tried the Earl Grey, Cream Cheese Passionfruit and La Vie En Rose, among others. Salted Caramel was amazeballs!! Worth the hype! Earl Grey was very true to its name. The CCP was yummy, the passionfruit was nicely sharp. La Vie En Rose.....erm....I forgot what the nice Butter staff told me it should taste like, and my usual taste-identifying skills couldn't tell me the answer either. It just tasted...sweet. \n\nOverall, for $2.50 a macaron, the quality was good, and the flavours were disturbingly addictive.
5	Have passed by so many times but never got a chance to go in til now and the set up is so simple but its all about the desserts right? So i order the St. Honore mango + 6 macarons (pistachio, matcha, salted caramel, lychee and raspberry, earl grey and lavender). The cream in the mango tart was sooo good! Didnt taste like artificial mango and smelt so delicious. There were a couple macarons ontop as well (lemon and mango i think- cant remember). The box of 6 macarons i took home and even after a day in the fridge they were very fresh and the texture was spot on.
5	Had a great time at Butter Avenue today for a meeting. Ordered a slice of st honore pistachio cake - I usually don't like getting the last of things...but for places like Butter Avenue, it's goes quick because it's good. Also had the almand brulee and finally, after a million years of hoping someone would make it - red bean matcha macaron. I like that it's priced at $2.35 more so than other places that cost $3 something (it's bigger but I'd rather try more flavours). Ambience and environment at Butter Avenue is always great- perfect for a Sunday meeting or laid back solo chilling. Will definitely be back!
4	I'm so glad I finally tried Butter (not magarine - ha! ok sorry lame).  The owners (bro & sis) are so sweet, very nice people!  I went on Macaron Day T.O. (March 20/2012).  Free macaron was Salted Caramel, so scrumptious.  I'd say it's my favourite flavour there!  You can taste the butter and love.  I also purchased a box of six, placed into a very sturdy and good-looking box.  \n\n$13.50 for 6 macarons:\nSeasalt Caramel\nMatcha\nEarl Grey\nPeanut Butter & Jelly\nChocolate Banana\nWhite Chocolate Strawberry\n\nThey are on the smaller side, about the size of a toonie.  Very fresh though, with the proper texture a macaron is famous for.  Flavour-wise, other than the luscious caramel and PB&J, I found them a little on the sweet side.  I had to really concentrate while chewing to guess what flavour I was eating.  Which was okay by me, because there are a lot other worse things to fixate on than chewing a macaron.
5	New French-inspired cafe that opened a week ago. Their speciality are macrones, a small French pastry in different flavors with a filling. They taste delicious, the coffee / espresso / cappucino is great. Friendly service, minimalistic design with a couple of tables to linger. Prices are average (about 3 Dollars for a cappucino). As the macrones and the other French cakes are made all from organic ingredients the prices for the pastry are a bit higher (although absolutely OK compared to French prices).
5	Love love love this place! The french macarons are spot on. Not too sweet, not bland, cruchy on the outside, chewy on the inside, with yummy fillings! My most favorite is sea salt caramel! But they are all my favorite, really! The pumpkin spice is a must mention, which they only offer seasonally. This is the place to satisfy those french macaron cravings! We also ordered a latte and a tea, which we also LOVED! The people behind the counter were super nice as well. Highly recommend Butter Avenue!
4	Came here specifically to participate in Macaron Day. Butter Avenue is located just south of the Loblaws on Yonge Street, north of Lawrence. The place has a clean minimalist vibe and I got the sense from the macarons on offer that the flavours are Asian inspired. \n\nWhen hubby and I walked in we were greeted by staff and given a paper menu from which to choose your flavours. We decided on some Asian inspired flavours like toasted green tea, green apple matcha, Iron Goddess (premium oolong; could definitely taste the oolong), plus slightly more traditional flavours like toffee hazelnut. The macarons have that crunch and desirable chewiness that I look for in a macaron. The buttercream fillings were in the right proportion to the size of the macaron. Finally the flavours were on point and they were not too sweet. My only complaint is that they did not have more traditional flavours like salted caramel or pistachio available as these are my go to flavours against which I benchmark macaron purveyors. I was also hoping to try the earl grey flavour as others have remarked it is quite memorable.\n\nAs it is a bit of a trek for me to get to Butter Avenue, I probably won't be regularly frequenting this place. But I was happy to finally try this place as all the positive Yelp reviews encouraged. For me, 12 macarons for $29.50 is a bit steep (but probably on par with most reputable shops that sell macarons). At least on Macaron Day I can feel better about the fact that 30% of the proceeds are going to charity.\n\n(17/100)
2	Honestly? No. \n\nAs someone who LOVES macarons and makes it her life's mission to taste the best, these are not real macarons. \n\nAnyone who thinks they are, will be in for a real surprise and a treat when they taste the REAL thing.\n\nI could eat them if I was forced to hit my sweet spot, just the raspberry or cassis ones, but the lemon one was just gross, like eating sugary lemon dish soap.\n\n1. They are cold for a reason -- because they use a buttercream instead of a ganache for most of their macarons except for the lemon, raspberry and cassis ones, which to me, is not a real macaron and an utter cop out.\n\nThat also means they have to sit at ROOM temperature to taste good, but once it's at room temperature, the buttercream goes bad. Yuck.\n\n2. They are filled with buttercream. Y'all know how I feel about buttercream (ick) in my macarons.\n\n3. They have NOTHING on Pierre Herme in Paris, still THE BEST macaron-maker in all of the world (and I've eaten them from Hong Kong to Canada to NYC to Paris). Laduree is 2nd best but only in the NYC location, not the Paris one (tourist trap).\n\n4. They are too chewy and dense, they should be more cakey and moist.\n\nThe search continues. At least it doesn't suck as bad as Moroco or Nadege.
5	Who doesn't love miniature decadent desserts. High tea here will fill you with yumminess down to your toes, you would think you were away in Europe!\n\nThe high tea is lovely. The place is lovely. Decor is very minimalistic and they have big windows where the sunlight can come in. Brightly lit. We ordered the high tea ahead of time online. We informed them when we got there and they got us seated by the window. \n\nThey have a good selection of high quality tea. Comes in a a cute little glass teapot. However, I thought the tea service was a bit slow, it took them a while to boil the water and each time was only enough for one cup. First they brought us our savory quiche which I thought was fine, but I'm not a fan of Quiches. The other savory item were brioche buns that we could eat with homemade raspberry jam. The jam was nice and fruity but I would have liked more savory items like butter etc. \n\nThe mini pastries came in a two tier serving stand. They were so beautiful! A feast for the eyes that will leave your palate dancing! They have a selection of cakes and tarts and cheesecakes and mousse. Sorry I forgot what they all were! You also have your choice of two of their famous macarons. I picked the lemon poppyseed and passionfruit black tea. I didn't think the flavour was intense enough but I'm not really a fan of macarons, so what do I know? It also comes with delicious decadent chocolates and shortbread. \n\nOverall, I loved the whole experience. The tarts and cakes were so good, I will definitely come back. The tea was good (but slow). The ambience was classy and calm. The service was superb. The location was okay, may have an issue with parking... Sorry for the late post, but I'm totally craving it right now and I will definitely be back!
4	Butter Avenue is a very small cafe. As I went inside there were about 7 tables where 5 were taken. This would be good if you had a date with one of your friends. Not a good idea having many people over as it created a loud atmosphere where I had 5 people with me. The ambiance of the room was elegant and gently dark. The shop wasn't quite busy as I went there at 5 pm on a Friday.\n\n  I got the 6 pack of macrons for $13.50. The price on the macrons were decent because it didn't count for tax ($2.25 a piece). The size of the macrons were quite small which means I had to take very careful bites. I ate two when I was at the cafe. They had many array of flavors and each and every one of them looked so lovely. Some of the flavors were earl grey, green tea, chocolate, cream cheese passion fruit, raspberry, chocolate hazelnut, etc. The employee who got my macrons was very gentle and 'took good care of them' which meant good service. They didn't mind me taking a long time adoring the macrons and deciding which ones I should get. \n\n I had the earl grey macron where the flavor was subtle. I also ate the salted caramel. It was OK but I thought the other flavors would've been better.  I gave the other macrons to my cousins and they said they were very good and enjoyed it a lot.  It was alright but I thought it could have been better. Overall, the macrons were delicious and I would go here next time.
4	The desserts are so elegant and absolutely delicious. They catch your eye like a piece of art. Prices are a bit high, as are most patisseries like these. It's very clean and has a miminalistic ambiance. Seating is limited, so we took our items to go. Ordered 6 macaroons, 1 canele, and a terre et neige (Semi sweet brownie, green tea mousse made with matcha). This is definitely the place to go if you are looking for special and high quality desserts, but be prepared to spend a lot too!
4	I'm not a big fan of macarons, I often find them more sweet than what I like it to be. However I must say my friend has wonderful taste in choosing the flavours because for the most part, I enjoyed them more than usual, and in general I don't find Butter Avenue's macarons to be overly sweet. Of the ones i have tried, I must say my fave would be tomato brie! There's also street parking within residential streets so no need to pay~!
5	I was here expecting to try some amazing macarons.  My expectations were quite high as I have heard several friends highly recommend this place.  When I walked, I was greeted by a enormous macaron tree.  Nicely done!  At first, i was just planning to buy some macarons.  I forgot the names of the different flavours already.  But i think i really like the asian tea inspired macarons, green tea, earl grey and some other teas. The macarons tasted really mild and cake like and soft in texture.  The proportion of the filling is just right.  The lemon poppyseed macaron is really good.  The flavour is cirtusy, fresh and bright.  Just feel like a perfect compliment to summer.  I should have taken a pictures with the different names.  Anyways, i feel like i am rambling.  Their decor is really chic and simple.  I really like the soft white tone of the backdrop.  There were some soft jazz music playing in the background and the seats were really spread out.  \n\nAt first, i was planning to just buy some macarons and leave.  But i saw the coffee looked pretty good, so i ordered a latte and a cappuccino for my mom.  I waited for a bit, maybe around 15 minutes.  Still no sign of coffee.  I saw that the guests who came in later than me were already served their high tea platter and beverages.  I went up to the cashier and casually asked why my coffees haven't been served yet.  The guy was really friendly and politely explained that he forgot about it and stated he would refund my money and served me the coffee.  Actually, I just wanted my coffee to be served and was not asking for a refund.  I was presently surprise at this good gesture.  This is excellent customer service and totally didn't expect this at a bakery at all.  I would defintely come back more of their delicious macarons.
5	One of the few places that I've tried where the macarons are comparable to the ones I've had in Europe.  Delicious.
4	Not exactly a \"macaron\" expert but I have had a few over the last year i.e Nadege, LaBamboche, Bobette and Belle.\n\nSpace: Love the clean fresh decor. \nFood: Sampled a few macarons and can't complain. However I really really loved their roasted almond tea. Absolutely delicious.\nService: Lovely.\n\nWould definitely meet a friend for tea and a macaron at Butter Avenue!!
5	This is best macaroon place in GTA area.\n\nMy favorite spot to grab coffee and macaroons. \n\nWhite chocolate Strawberry one is my favorate and they're always fresh and well made.\n\nAnd their espresso coffee is best and high quality, too.\n\nVery attentive staff.
4	Was craving something sweet so my pal and I came here to try Butter Avenue's famous macaron. For $2.25 a pop, I can't have one everyday, but it's a nice treat. I bought two - Early Grey and Lychee Raspberry. Both were pretty good ! The decor of this place is really nice - all white, sleek, and clean. I was in a hurry so didn't get a chance to sit in, but will love to get a couple of macarons with a tea while doing some work on my laptop sounds like another visit to come.\n\nGood for: sweets, coffee, tea
5	my favorite place for Macaron in Toronto. they have the right texture for their shell, and full of flavours for the filling. My Face is Rose,Cassies,Earl Gray,Salted Caramel,.Chocolate. They also serve different St.Honores. Pistachio and Cassis one is really good
1	I'm sorry, but if you want a good macaron, this is not the place to go. I really don't get the hype, when you can walk west to La Bamboche and get the real thing. Very disappointing experience.
5	After a long wait, butter avenue has finally opened!  Now I can tell you that I probably wouldn't have known about this place if it hadn't been for the hotel ocho event last year. \n\nEver since that first bite of their macarons, I was hooked. I immediately started stalking them on Facebook waiting them to open. Finally the day came and I rushed to go see them. \n\nNow you may wonder why I'm making such a big deal about this place, but I assure you that one bite will explain everything. Their macarons are light, soft chewy and fall apart in your mouth. I've had bad ones too that are kinda like Oreo cookies (bah). \n\nThey have an assortment of flavours (I think 11) such as sea salt caramel, green tea matcha, chocolate and more. I just bought 4 boxes and haven't tried every one but I can tell you which ones are my favorite. \n\nMy favorite ones are the sea salt caramel and matcha.  The sea salt caramel is just amazing. Probably the best balance of flavours and the chewy light texture of the macarons just add to the amazing experience. The matcha tea ones apparently have matcha tea from Japan which is amazing. You can instantly taste the matcha tea flavour and it's awesome. \n\nThey also serve coffee, tea, sandwiches and other pastries that apparently go fast. This place opened not too long ago so the word is going to start spreading pretty fast.  Come early and soon to avoid the wildfire that is starting. Mums the word ;-)
5	This place has the best  Macarons in town. Every single flavor I tried there was awesome, especially earl grey and matcha. \nThe decor and branding in there is very clean and modern. A good place for having a tea time with friends. \n\nLove this place~
4	Alas, I have finally made it to Butter!!!! A clean white space with minimal decor, Butter stays true to its core competency - macarons and desserts accompanied with these little treats.\nService is friendly and courteous and most importantly.. Patient!\nS and I ordered a macaron and a green tea chocolate mousse bomb to share. We received the cutest little fork and knives to eat this delicate concoction... So we could take our time instead of gobbling it up in 3 bites.\nThe green tea chocolate was not too sweet and you could really taste the cocoa flavour. the macaron had a lot of flavour in the filling and the crust was soft and fresh.\n\nI just found out that they are opening Butter downtown! How awesome is that???
5	OMG I was really craving some macarons so I went on yelp and I found this place and I really love this place the macarons are soo good! I really recommend this place your your macarons cravings \n*:.?. o()o .?.:*
5	I recently read great reviews about this place during Macaron Day in Toronto. I am an avid customer at Moroco Chocolat in Yorkville but wanted to try something new.\n\nI was amazed at how delicious their macarons were. Some flavours I tasted and relished were White Chocolate Strawberry, Dark Chocolate, Cream Cheese Passionfruit, Mount Blanc (chocolate hazelnut), and the Sea Salt Caramel. My friend really enjoyed the Lemon and Lychee Raspberry flavours.\n\nAlso, the service was fantastic. Everyone is very warm and friendly. Highly recommend this gem on yonge street for any dessert lovers out there!
5	OMGi have to say something~i just got 2 boxes Macarons form there. Their staff was so handsome and  nice. XD\n\ni was not sure to choose which flavor at that time. The staff suggested the Earl Grey one to me and gave a free one to tried it, very good customer service will go there again.
4	Macaron..... Marcaron.......Macaron....,.at Butter Avenue\n\nI got 6 of those of different flavours for $13.50... Even before I know, my Yelp Drinking Buddy just pop one of that in his mouth and swallow that!!! Didn't he knows that it just cost me over $2++!!! Now I have to teach him how to enjoy and savour these work of art!\n\nMy favourite is Matcha... just like a big explosion of matcha flavour... crunchy outer cell and just a hint of sweetness but hey Matcha is good for me?! Can I have 10 of those?\n\nTerre et Neige (green tea mousse, semi-sweet brownie, soft chocolate biscuit & light cr\u00e9meux) with taxes come out to be $8!!!! Good but I could not expect anything less at that price point! \n\nThe staffs are wonderful... cheerful and friendly... All I kept saying the whole night was Matcha, I think I am on sugar high.....\n\nThanks Joe H for organizing the UYE.... \n\nMatcha Rules!!!
4	The macarons here are really really really good and the service is fantastic.
4	I've been wanting to come here for a while now since everybody raves about their macarons. I walked in and was greeted instantly, the place is chic and modern , very minimalistic decor. The guy that helped me was very nice & described every kind of macaron they have as well as the tarts and mousses. I bought 15 macarons & a salted caramel latte. i forgot to take a picture of the pistachio, earl grey & dark chocolate but i will describe every one that i bought :) \n\nPistachio : I surprisingly enjoyed this flavor. Its light & airy with a hint of pistachio flavoring . and that's saying a lot because i normally don't like pistachio macarons.\n\nEarl Grey : Classic flavoring, nothing special\n\nDark Chocolate : The dark chocolate ganache in between was a little more bitter than i would've liked it to. But it pairs well with the meringue cookie since its so sweet.\n\nSea Salt Caramel x2: One of my favorite flavors of macarons. Theres a light hint of salt when you bite into the macaron. Caramel is not too sweet, its absolutely perfect.\n\nLychee Raspberry x2: Heavy on the lychee flavoring like every other bakery that makes macaron. Has a raspberry \"jam\" ontop of the lychee buttercream. Compliments each other very well\n\nCassis : Its also called blackcurrant. It's tart which is lovely because the one that i had at Ruelo in Times Square (Richmond Hill) was bitter. And i believe that it was because they put espresso in the jam or around it. i loved this flavor.\n\nOolong : I've never had Oolong Tea before, but i overall enjoyed the flavour. Its not too sweet but also not a very strong tea flavour\n\nLemon : LOVE the lemon curd. Very tart and delicious\n\nRaspberry : I enjoyed the raspberry jam, not too sweet for a macaron which is nice.\n\nMatcha : Usually my favorite flavor but not my favorite here. Matcha flavor is very light, not strong enough. Thats my only issue, other then that it's alright.\n\nWhite Chocolate Strawberry : White Chocolate ganache is a tad too sweet, strawberry jam is ontop of the ganache. I like strawberry white chocolate so i loved it.\n\nThe Sea Salt Caramel Latte was not bad , pretty good. Sweet enough, not very strong of a caramel flavour or a salt flavour. I needed the coffee so i enjoyed it.
5	My favourite macaroon place in the city - trust me, I've tried a lot of them and I just keep coming back! The texture is ah-mazing and flavours are usually on point! I don't think I have come across anything I didn't like including flavours that I normally wouldn't go for. I love that their always introduce new and seasonal flavours :) I also like their cakes as well - so delicate and unique! This is my go to place when I want to get a special dessert treat for myself or someone else. I also like that they do open late (great for last minute gifts since they have the cutest packaging - which I have done a few times!)
4	Macarons are so delicious!!!!!! Downside is that this place is not so  convenient for me. The tarts are not that good though (especially compared to some other places) their macarons are amazing though. I love the lychee raspberry, still have to try the salted caramel here. During Easter season I ordered the egg hunt tart, it tasted a bit like soap....
4	The matcha macaron here is great. I need to try other flavors and their tarts, which all look good. \n\nThe staff seem pretty friendly and the space is pretty nice. Their chairs look like herman miller but are probably replicas...
5	Clean white interior, sparse decor, has tables & seating.\n\nMacarons are the name of the game here, they are pricey but they are best in Toronto. Great selection of flavours & possess  an eggshell-like crust with a soft almost meringue-like interior...the way a textbook macaron should be.\n\nThe espressos & Americanos are very good here & go well with the sweets they have available.\n\nLoblaws parking is nearby, but beware the parking attendant, make sure to evacuate from your vehicle when he is distracted &/or not in line of sight.
4	I'm new to the world of macarons but these little cookies are amazing. I've tried a few before that were quite stale however the macaroons at butter avenue are always fresh and leave you wanting more! \n\nButter has a fresh and great selection. My favourite flavours that are worth a try are the raspberry, sea salt caramel, oh hell...ya gotta try them all! Worth a taste is also there St.Honore pistachio tart which carries a mini macaron on top surrounded by Creme chantilly pistachio and pat\u00e9 sucree.
4	Pretty good place to eat a burger, Without spending too much.
4	pretty good for a late night snack!
1	Breakfast here was terrible. I ordered the jalape?o sausage sandwich on Texas Toast. Rubbery sausage that I swear I could not bite into. Put together sloppy. Couldn't even eat it. I should have known not to order due to the fact the guy before us requested his money back and while we were waiting for our food another man approached the counter for a refund.
5	Loved it! I had a turkey patty melt that was cooked to perfection with just the right amount of cheese and grilled onions and the best french fries-crisp, thick, with just the right amount of salt- made with canola instead of vegetable oil,  which always tastes better.  Service was good, and reasonably priced.
5	We were staying at the Luxor and checked into our hotel late at night. We were starving and everywhere we looked was closed! In Vegas! We stumbled upon American Burger Works and were pleasantly surprised how good the burgers were and reasonably priced. They really hit the spot. The staff was very friendly also in walking us through their menu. We even came back the next day! We will definitely be back the next time we are in Vegas.
5	I'm glad I'm the 2nd reviewer of this place. After a headache getting into town and finding out our original hotel reservation was cancelled at Monte Carlo (long long story), we headed over to Excalibur the next day for the duration of our stay for CES 2012. Hungry and tired, headed over to ABX...and the hamburgers were delicious. They had so many choices of sauces...I'd say close to 12-16 types ranging from creamy, spicy, herb infused, and just many more...it was hard to choose just one. It's a half a lb of meat...which I think is a lot...and all the toppings you'd like. You customize your order and they'll make it for you on the spot. They have turkey burger options as well. The place is clean, trendy, and very Americana...if I was craving a hamburger without the Vegas price tag, this is the place to go! Thank you for being there at our most hungriest time and after a long day of work and headache.
2	Atmosphere is nice. Disappointed in the turkey burger. I was hoping for ground turkey meat. Not the processed 'white meat' turkey burger. It was tasteless. Its ridiculous how extra sauce is $1 also. Fries were okay.
5	I love this place! Really big juicy sloppy yummy burger in my big round belly!
5	DELICIOUS!!! \n\nStopped by on Sunday morning, they serve breakfast items until 10:30 am. I ordered the breakfast burger ($7.99) which was great! It comes with a fried egg inside, lettuce, tomato and cheese. It was a perfect fix for my hangover and did not sit too heavy afterwards.
2	I hate Excalibur, but that's a whole different review. Anyway, I wanted to try this burger joint since it was pretty convinent and always seemed pack. I let my fiance do all the ordering while I went to claim a table. I wasn't that hungry so I told him that I was going to share a meal wit him. Anyway, let's just say, for a  burger, fries and drink...it came out to $15!!!!!!! WHOAAAAAAAAA...I'd rather go to In-N-Out for less than half of that price. Also, their SERVICE SUCKED! I didn't order but Alan complained that the guy register was really rude like as if he didn't even want to work there. And last but not least...their burgers were freakin' SALTY. I'm not really a burger person, but I know a burger when it's salty! Only my fries should be salty.\n\nOne star for their yummy fries, and one star for it being really convinent. Never returning again!
2	Better off walking to the Denneys up the strip. Egg white omelette consisted of one ingredient: egg whites. Toast was really dry.\n\nThey were also super slow. They weren't busy. Yet we waited almost 30 min for eggs and pancakes. I swear they were waiting for the chickens to lay the eggs.
5	Sooooooo sad this place got replaced with nasty expensive Johnny Rockets!!! ABX was my fav!!!! :(
2	I was really hoping for this one. While in Las Vegas last week, I really wanted a good burger after experiencing a lot of crappy Vegas food. Unfortunately, this place was a huge disappointment. Not only was the burger flavorless and expensive, you are only allowed to have 2 of the 15 sauces they offer. When I was surprised to hear that a customer is only given 2 tiny servings of the sauces, the server just replied, \"I only wear the shirt\". Nice. My son and I had shakes (which were $5 each) and they were just ok. When we walked in, I had noticed that there were other customers already present with shakes and their shakes had whipped cream. Our shakes did not get any whipped cream. After my experience with the employee about the sauces, I did not bother to comment about the whipped cream. Not that I need the extra calories, but come on, it would have been nice to be given an option. The entire time I ate my burger, I just kept thinking how Five Guys and In-N-Out were SO much better. I walked away from that place extremely disappointed and wanting a better meal. That's too bad.
5	Greatttt burgers! Can be a bit pricey but it's a good quality burger and fries. I tried the siracha ketchup and I been hooked ever since. I make siracha ketchup at home all the time now.
4	Good food reasonable prices near the movies, what more can you ask for.
4	The atmosphere was great and the food was excellent.  My server Jack helped me pick out the balsamic chicken and it was delicious.  The $4 corona is a good idea and will definitely come back for that deal.
4	Great food. \nGreat service.\nFriendly staff. \nLots of working televisions showing different sports events. \n\nAverage prices. \n\nGreat location.
4	I'm kind of bias towards this Kelsey's because I know the people that work here and also because the boyfriend used to work here.  None the less, this is one of the best Kelsey's I've ever been to, as I've had horrible experiences with other Kelsey's locations.  I've come here numerous times and most recently I came here to watch the Raptors Home Opener.  I started with their drink special of the day, which was their Beer-ita, which is a \"the best of both worlds\", blended Tequila margarita topped with an upside down icy cold Corona.  Always good to have daily drink specials at a restaurant.  We ordered our traditional Spinach Dip (which might I add, that I am addicted to!) and I like to be a bit different and order my pita chips half baked and half deep fried, just to give it some variety.  Obviously, the deep fried tastes better but when you eat baked pita chips you feel healthier.. Definitely recommend this appetizer.  We also ordered the Calamari which usually comes with a seafood sauce but we also asked for Sweet Chili Thai sauce on the side.  Their Calamari is mediocre to me, nothing special.  To name a couple of other dishes I've had here, we've had the Buffalo Chicken Potato Skins (which I thought were pretty good, the boyfriend wasn't that much of a fan), Wonton Nachos (which aren't as good as their original tortilla chips), their wings (which I definitely recommend with whatever sauce you desire), Messy Fish Sandwich (one of my favourites and always a go-to), the \"HOLY BLANK\" 7 Layer Burger (which the boyfriend demolished and loved), Sizzling Fatijas (good to share and smells and tastes oh-so-delicious!), and Brew- Battered Fish and Chips (nothing special).  The customer service at this particular location is fantastic, and we always request for Matt, who has been there for quite a long time but he loves what he does and he's good at what he does too!   I guess you can call me a regular Kelsey's guest and we'll keep it that way.
4	Great service and great food quality. Our server was so funny and made our experience enjoyable!
2	I came here for lunch with my friend. The food was really decent but the service was good. I would only come here for drinks next i wanna come here. Its only nice to sit in the patio and have a few drinks but i wont try their food again!
2	I used to come to Kelsey's many 'a times when I was still going to high school. I had fond memories eating there. \n\nFlash forward many (mannny) years. \n\nAfter watching a movie with some friends, they suggested we eat at Kelsey's across from Silver City.\n\nI ordered the JD sirloin burger. The beef patty appeared to be in restaurant made, and it didn't seem that fresh or even seasoned. But that wasn't the worst part. After my 3rd bite into the burger, I almost broke my mouth when I chewed into a plastic milk tab. I was pretty disgusted, but I didn't want to gross my friends out, so I didn't let them know (cause I didn't want to ruin the moment.. Although I later told my gf, and she gave me the beats for not complaining while I was still there).\n\nGranted that this is probably a rare thing to happen to someone that eats there, but its also probably worth noting as well and to see if anybody else experiences anything simular.\n\nOn the plus side, the fries were good. Although its pretty tough to mess up fries..
2	Every time I call to order take out, I'm passed from one person to the next and eventually left on hold until I hang up and call Montana's instead.
4	after reading the contradicting reviews on Yelp about Kelsey's, off we went anyway. \n\n I wasn't really expect much , but I had to say that surprisingly I enjoyed the meal from the beginning to the end! \n\nThe ambience was wonderful and with great atmosphere; We ordered fire-grilled sirloin steak and Fajita and a kid's meal for the boy . the food were delicious and yummy!the portions are big and since we were very hungry on that day , we finished them all and were so full !!!  One funny thing was that I couldn't find the tortilla that came along with the Fajita , and with the help of our waiter I found them right under my nose : they were put inside the container under the hot iron skillet!  the service is quick, our waiter Jack is very nice and friendly . In the end he gave me the recommendation on desserts and we ordered the funnel cake fries with strawberry ice cream. Never have had something like that before, it was amazingly tasty! \n\nWe will be back!
5	Excellent food and service at this location. The staff are always friendly and the food comes out very fast. Definitely the best option in the area if you are going to a movie and have time constraints.
5	AWESOME! Very impressed! Went there last night with a group of 10 and it was incredible! The service was on point and the server was very friendly and involved with the group. The food was amazing and didn't take too long to come at all. Price was more than fair. The server checked on us frequently to make sure everyone was happy. Very accommodating and it was just a good experience in general on all corners. Whoever is running that place now is doing a really good job. The popcorn shrimp was so nuts I'm gonna have to learn how to make something similar at home. Will go back again very soon.
1	Compared to every other kelseys in york region or toronto this has to be the worst one in terms of quality of food and serving staff. The meal preperation and quality of the food was horrid. The staff was very zombie like & the food tasted old, bland & rushed. Don't risk it.. trust me
5	This Kelsey's is amazing! We went on a Thursday night and it was packed. They had lots of vegetarian options in the appetizers and everything tasted amazing. Our server was fantastic, despite it being busy she checked in on us frequently and was extremely receptive. I would definitely recommend this location.
2	The Steak & Guinness skillet was awful and I wasn't impressed with the lack of variety on the menu. It was really cold in the restaurant so the waitress was kind enough to move us to another table, but the vent was still blowing freezing air above us. It isn't an upscale venue yet the prices are up in that ally. I was warned but now I know not to go unless I am proved otherwise with a free meal.
5	Favourite Kelsey's out of all the Kelsey's out there. The service is great, drinks are always cold & refreshing, food is always hot & delicious, and just a good time. You absolutely can NOT go wrong with their burgers and their Doritos ranch chicken fingers. Oh and their spinach dip (& wanton nachos) are always a crowd pleaser! Love this place!
2	I just don't like the food here. I don't know why I keep going back thinking that it'll be different from the last time. It never is.\n\nThis particular time, he got the barbecue chicken sandwich (which he actually liked) with a side of cheese over a tiny salad. I had the bacon cheeseburger that came with a side of fries. They also had a promotion going on where you can add a appetizer (or half an app) to your meal for $5. We got the loaded fries. It looked nothing like the picture, not their fault though since it doesn't usually look like the picture. But it had barely any cheese and the gravy was salty and more onion than anything else. It was basically sour cream and fries.\n\nI don't know. It wasn't that awful where it was inedible, but I left feeling sad and unsatisfied.\n\n\n**Also, because it was the middle of the day, there were only maybe 2 servers working. We stood at the front waiting to be seated for a good 10 minutes. There was no one working at the bar, there was no one walking around the restaurant to see us - even as they were coming out of the kitchen, they didn't even look towards the front to check.\n\nMaybe I shouldn't rate restaurants when I started out hungry and grumpy.
2	2.5\n\nPros:\nFriendly service\nPlenty of seating space\n\nCons:\nFood is very meh at best\n\nLet's get this out of the way first.  I rarely eat at places like Kelsey's, Jack Astors, Casey's, etc.  The only reason we were here was I had a gift card I received from work.  I'm not a big fan of chains honestly to begin with.  \n\nThis Kelsey's location is pretty spacious.  It's the perfect place for a family after seeing a movie at the Cineplex next door.  Walking in, we're immediately greeted by a friendly hostess.  When you come to a place like this, expect friendly service with a smile.  It's in the manual of all these types of places.  As long as you're not being a jerk, you'll have a pleasant experience service wise.  \n\nWe ordered the fish and chips, chicken apple pecan salad, and a kids meal for our little one which was a pasta dish.  Food doesn't take too long to come out but it wasn't terribly busy when we were there.  \n\nFish and chips:  I wasn't too impressed with this one.  The batter on the fish was way too crunchy/hard and the fish itself was very mushy.  My work place cafeteria is not the best by far, but even they made a better fish and chips.  The fries were OK, but could not save the dish.\n\nchicken apple pecan salad:  This one according to my GF was much better. There's a lot of variety in the salad which works for and against it.  You get a bunch of different tastes, but not enough of the actual greens because they have so much items to put in. The breaded chicken pieces were pretty good though.\n\nKid meal:  The fact that my little one took 2-3 bites of the pasta and didn't want anymore said it all.  She usually loves pasta.  I took a bite myself and knew why.  Pasta was way overdone, and barely any sauce.  No taste at all.  The salad that came with pasta was good. \n\nI want to like this place better because of the great service.  Our meal just wasn't up to par unfortuantely.
4	Great dinner and a movie place. Nice atmosphere and your choice of dining or bar area. Lots if tvs scattered around for the sports fan. Very friendly staff and the menu is different than your typical restaurant of this caliber. Try the Reuben spring rolls.
5	Not bad Kelsey's, Not bad!\nI have to mention for this location (not sure abut the others) they really stepped up their game within the last couple of months. \n\nMy boyfriend and I came here for lunch and first thing we noticed are a bunch of limes at the side of the building sitting in the snow, the reason i'm mentioning this is because people could easily slip on them. The whole time we we're there till the end, the limes were still outside, no one cleaned them up. \nAnyway we we're greeted and seated and our server introduced herself. I got to say Kelsey's has a very inviting bar area. They also have pretty good specials. My boyfriend ordered one of the burgers called stack of something and it was on special for 9.99 +fries and i ordered the messy fish sandwich 12.99. \n\nThe food looked ssoooo good when it arrived to our table. I ordered the messy fish sandwich before but it was never this good, the batter was perfect crunchy and not detached from the fish at all. It was a really good amount of fish and IT GETS REALLY MESSY. but its so worth it. I loved it\nmy boyfriend said he really enjoyed his burger, there was a lot of burger juices coming from it. good sign !! Also a couple  months prior we ordered the loaded nachos which were THE BOMB and battered calamari which i thought was a little tiny bit on the salty side. ALL in ALL I feel better about coming to Kelsey's now and they really do have a good menu and atmosphere.\n\nThe only thing i was not happy with which isn't a problem and most places do this, and have to stop is auction off food. We came for lunch they were not busy at all we are only 2 people so there is no reason you have to ask which order was whos. it should be easy to remember.
4	The place had good service. When we sat down to order they first asked if we were seeing a movie (since there's a theater right next door), so they know whether to hurry up with the order or not, which is nice.
2	Horrible service. Went there last week with a group of 4 at 2pm. Got seated after couple of minutes. The restaurant was less than half full. After 20 minutes a waitress came to take the a simple order. Exactly after 20 minutes she brought the drinks. And exactly after 20 minutes after the drinks  our food came. The food was ok. While we were having our food all this time the waitress checked in on us only once. When we finished we have to go look for them to pay the bill.\nSo did you notice the pattern of 20 minutes, it was as if a timer was set to 20 minutes. So if you want to kill time and not hungry this would be ideal. And just want to mention that this is my very first review even though i have been to many many Restaurants in my life.
2	I was in the area waiting for a movie to start with time to kill.  Wanted to go to Montana's for dinner but with the backlog, I didn't think the timing would work so we decided to walk a bit further to Kelsey's.\n\nAs far as food chains in Canada go, Kelsey's is like the Coffee Time of the coffee chain world. They have a variety of items but the quality is meh...\n\nThe layout is nice and they have a big bar area with large TVs.  The service is pretty friendly but I think that's pretty standard and part of the standard corporate manual for all of the food chains.\n\nThere are plenty of food items to choose from.  Probably about the same amount as a place like Jack Astors but a few less than Pickle Barrel or Boston Pizza.  If you're really hungry, this place probably gives you most food on your plate. In fact, if you're more than one and neither of you are very hungry, you might be able to get by with one appetizer and one main.\n\nSadly, the reason why this food chain is at or near the bottom of the food chain is that it is afraid to use seasoning. I've never had so many items taste like water.  The potato skins were bland, the batter on the chicken fingers had no flavour and even the vinaigrette salad dressing had no acidity. \n\nI'm not sure if their chefs are worried about customers complaining that their food is too spicy or if they are trying to cut costs but if there's no taste in the food and you're going to give big portions, you're going to end up with alot of waste.  I think the best thing a customer can do with their unfinished food is take it home and repurpose it into their own meal and use their own seasoning to make it better.\n\nI should have stayed and waited at Montana's... *sigh*
5	First time ordering from them and the food was fresh and delicious. Price wise, the place is affordable. It's family owned and that, to me, it's a definite plus. Try it out!
4	Great sushi at great value! Too far if you live in the city of Montreal. If you get in the area I definitely recommend this place for take out. I called them with a specific time and everything was ready when I arrived. The staff was welcoming.
4	Awesome, cosy, small place. Staff extremely friendly. Not stingy at all. Ask for a glass of water and they give you a bottle.  Sushi tastes great, too.
5	I love this place! Maybe it's because my parents own a small diner and I see them work their fingers to the bone for nothing other than the love of owning their own place -- but I love cute mom and pop restaurants like this. Especially since up until now my experiences with sushi in Montreal have either been to sushi buffets with questionable quality and hygiene, or Sushi Shop where the lack of soul is palpable. \n\nNever one to turn down a good bargain for quality sushi, I am so happy this place is here. Prices are affordable (comparable if not better than Sushi Shop), sushi is fresh and high quality, and you support a family-owned business. Contrary to another review I had no communication issues with the owners. They take orders by the item number, so unless you need elaborate explanations or to make complicated changes to an item, I can't foresee any language issues. \n\nRecommend this place for take-out (they also deliver) or a casual sit-down meal with loved ones.
5	Love this place we always keep on going back there it's always fresh and clean the food and quality is at its top the service is good and it's made on the spot no prepare in advance made meals and if you ask the chef you can watch how she makes it and as far for delivery it's always the same driver and I give him 2$ .... And he always appreciative of what I give him
5	It's a good price-quality-quantity-proximity ratio for me. I know that's a very specific sounding formula, but The owners are also pretty nice! That's another good reason to check it out.
2	I haven't posted in a while but my Fiance and I just had an interesting experience...\n\nWe ordered $44.00 worth of sushi for delivery from Sushi Hoshimi. \n\nThe sushi is fantastic and it's unfortunate that the delivery driver almost intruded into our apartment demanding more tip. He was extremely aggressive, put his foot in our door! He even threatened to call his boss. lol. Did he? No. My Fiance ended up closing the door on his face - he had no choice, I saw it. \n\nNever in our lives has this happened to us before. This driver was totally crazy. We've ordered for delivery 3 times and EACH time he was rude. \n\nAs I said, the sushi is great, but this made my jaw drop. We order from somewhere else now. \n\nThe sushi is good at Sushi Hoshimi, but not *that* good. :-S
5	This sushi place should NOT have any negative reviews. I absolutely LOVE their sushi, it's always made so fresh and tasty!! The staff doesn't speak english very well but they always manage to make u understand when u ask them questions. It's a little family business and it will always be my num 1 sushi shop for my cravings!!
5	Hoshimi is one of my favorite sushi places in Montreal. The food is delicious and the owner is extremely friendly. I recommend the Dynamite Delux, Tomago, and the Unagi.
5	What a little gem in NDG. I can't say anything bad about this place. Sushi is made fresh and is always delicious. Service is amazing and delivery was quick. My go to spot for sushi from now on.
5	I loved this place so much!  delicious, fresh, so reasonably priced and excellent service; a hole in the wall with run by such a super sweet family - have to highly recommend it!
5	Great service very good food. Love this place and will come back again. We had the bulgogi, spicy side pork, spicy tofu and the brisket. Everything was delicious. They gave us water refills without asking and both our server and bus persons were pleasant people. The place is very clean.
5	Ordered the cold tofu, miso rib eye and spicy pork for dinner tonight... yum! The spicy pork is deliciously spicy ... gonna try the regular and compare. My kid won't eat spicy yet.
5	Just what Vegas needed.  A good mix of authentic and fusion Korean food that go perfectly with your soju and beer.  Great, honest service.  Clean. The banchan (korean side dishes) and stew are better than most Korean restaurants. Sooo good.  You can tell they have a good Korean cook, just by trying their banchan.  Really hit the spot.  This pub and kitchen is perfect for a meal and pregame before your Vegas night out.
1	Was really excited to try this place. My mom took me there for my birthday tonight because we love to eat different foods. We had the first and third on the menu, one was LA kalbi - short rib. We couldn't eat one bite. It was $23 of gooey chewy stringy fat, I couldn't even pick the solid meat off. The third item Chap Jao or something was pretty tasty! The bulgogi in it was delicious, couldn't eat the chew fish cake in it...really wish I knew about that ingredient but it was easy to go around.\n\nThe male server was great and so was the lady working, she was not a server and not the owner so idk what role she plays but she was such a sweet lady, we loved her! As for the owners....they would not remove the price of our meal we did not like and instead made us order something else to go...I've been in the service industry for 14 years...the one time I go out, I always hope to have great service. How. Oils the owners charge us $23 still for something we didn't even take a bite of? They're a new restaurant and I was hoping they would have at least came out and apologized...instead we got dirty looks from them sitting across the room from us. Then we were so tired and cold ready to leave and had to wait 15 minutes for dumplings which turned out to be potstickers....I'm disappointed how the owners handled (I should say did not handle) the situation and will not return again.
5	Absolutely delicious. I wanted a new place close to home for my Korean fix, and this hit the spot. The first thing to hit the table after I ordered was some really delicious soup, and the quality of thier side dishes was excellent- always a good sign. The chapjae was great, and the bibimbap loco moco was great too! Not to mention the service. I've never seen staff so friendly, accommodating, and timely- from the server, Nancey, to the chef herself. A+
5	This is my new favorite small Korean restaurant. Came in here by myself and the server made me feel very welcomed. He suggested the calamari and said it was good so I tried it and it definitely was. I also tried the soju cocktail and I love it. It's soju topped off with beer and a flavor of mango, strawberry, peach or green apple. Very refreshing and strong, well I'm a small person so it was strong for me at least lol. Also had the pork belly and it came with sides, was not disappointed. The server checked on me the right amount of times. Will definitely come back here multiple times.
5	I came here with three other people. We ordered the miso steak, spicy rice cake, and soy glazed chicken wings. It was enough food for all four of us. I think the chicken here is much better than bonchon- much more flavorful. When you order a riced dish you get a soup as well. I think it's some type of soy bean paste soup. It was really good. If u write a review and show them, you can get 10% off your bill! Would definitely come back again to try other things.
1	They tried to auto gratuity 18 percent on my party of 4. Not even hotel restaurants do that unless is 6 or more. This place is overpriced.
4	Overall pretty good and scratches the itch for Korean fare. The pancake was very heavily kimchi flavored which I'm ok with but not the wife. The bulgogi is slightly above average but the service is better than most Korean restaurants I've been to between LA, Bay and LV. The wings were probably the highlight of the meal for me.
5	Great Korean place near where we lived. Ordered the Kalbi, Dynamite Chicken, and Bulgogi! There were 3 of us and we enjoyed their food. Prices were fair. Jayden our server made everything worthwhile! We had free ice cream too! Got the Lychee flavor and my husband got the Mango. Over all, good food, good ambience. would recommend!
4	Kimchi Seafood Pancake is on point, could be a bit crispier like the one from Itaewon but it was good! We didnt really care for the loco moco bibimbap. Nice ambience and Cass is always good, could be colder but overall it was pretty good!
4	Chap chae was wonderful, as good as being in Korea. I cant wait to sing kaoraoke here
5	This place is amazing. Chicken wings are on point. Highly recommended. Staff is friendly
4	Good, savory Korean food close to Summerlin. Joanne, the server, was awesome. The loco moco bibimbap is a must. Although i wish they had a hot stone version.
5	Jayden was our server tonight. \nAnd he was the most accommodating/awesome server I've had. Real genuine. \nThe food is awesome! \nAnd don't forget to check in for a free ice cream
2	They changed menus and got rid of all the items that I went there for... I've decided to try other Korean restaurants in the area.
5	They are open on sundays even though the sign says otherwise. Server was super polite and welcomed us in, and it's super clean!!!\n\nPost meal conclusion: My picture does this place no justice. Kalbi was super juicy, dynamite chicken perfect and wasn't drenched in sauce to make it taste good, and the Korean wings was glazed better than BWW! The sides tasted way better than places found on Spring Mountain. \n\nI highly recommend and do plan on being a repeat customer.
5	I ordered Kalbi and Bulbolgi and it was fantastic. The service was impeccable. I will be back!
2	We stopped in for lunch for the first time this afternoon.  First negative was the lunch menu was so damn limited.  I'm Korean so I like my soups, there was literally 1 choice, tofu seafood soup, so that was my order by default.  So here comes my second negative, I ask the waitress for the soup to be mild & she said there was no choice for spice level, most other Korean places can accommodate the spice level but not here.  Third negative was the portion size was way too small, even for lunch.  My tofu soup came in a 3 inch round crock, it was so dang small for $10.99.  And the 3 measly banchan (side dishes) they served were literally pea sized amounts.  The soup tasted so so, but definitely not something I would order again.  I was so disappointed after having read so many 5 star reviews on yelp as this place was closer to 1 maybe 2 stars.  Were these just a bunch of fake reviews on yelp???
4	Jayden is the guy to see when you are here! Always nice to talk to and very helpful! Ribeye cubes and bulgogi nachos!
5	Probably the best Korean Popcorn Chicken in Las Vegas! #DynamiteChicken   \n\nKimchi pancake nice and crispy.\n\nPork belly grilled to perfection.  \n\nSide are nice proportions.  \n\nMeals also served with soup \n\nWill return!
4	We actually found this little place on Groupon and after some cross-referencing, we discovered they had a soft opening special... free beer and fries! We asked if we could use the Groupon and still take advantage of the free beer and fries special, and they said yes. Score!\n\nWe each got a pint of possibly-draft Asahi and a small basket of fries with some non-spicy mayo concoction while we looked at the menu. Menu seemed to be made up of a variety of street food and fusion items. Staff were super friendly although you could tell they were still learning. They were very attentive and refilled our banchan as we were running low. The interior was modern and there were K-pop videos playing on multiple TVs except one, which was playing some crime drama.\n\nUnfortunately they were out of chicken gizzards but all the other food we got was delicious and definitely satisfied our hunger. The Kimchi Jjigae had a good amount of spice and plenty of substance. It was much more filling than it looked! In hindsight, it was probably not a good idea to have it with the beer though, but who can say no to free beer!? The cold tofu was colorful and tasty, but it seemed like a small-ish portion for the price. The Korean Style Omelette was simple yet the flavours were all there. So much deliciousness packed into it!\n\nAs we were heading out, they offered us some complimentary ice cream, which had some great flavors to choose from. We ended up picking chocolate coconut and lychee. Will definitely return to try their other dishes!
5	First time here, and not gonna lie gonna come back! \nSoyo was busy as fuck but we found this gem on yelp and my god their food was spectacular!\n\nWe shall come back and try other things but got the ddokboki\nKalbi\nBrisket\nAnd loco moco bibimbap\nUnfortunately I do not have pictures as everything was devoured
5	Wow!  The spicy bulgogi is wonderful and the serving size  won't disappoint.  I'll be back, possibly tomorrow!
5	Cheesy Corn, Pork Belly and Kalbi are amazing.  Food comes out quickly and best part is you don't smell like BBQ when you leave.
5	Tried Gangnam Street for lunch for the first time today, and we're glad we did. Food was awesome and the service (Sarah and Munshu) was just as good! Would return soon to try the tripe dish next time, since I didn't see it on their specials board until after ordering my delicious bulgogi meal.
5	It was our first time here on Saturday. Call before you go just to make sure they are open. They are still in their soft opening phase I believe...? They will be closed randomly and the info on here isn't correct. \nAnyways, I am usually picky when getting Korean food that isn't BBQ because I can have my mom or family make it. We ordered the kimchi seafood pancake, which I don't think was worth the $15 but it was still yummy LOL. Bulgogi tacos were good, can't go wrong with chicken katsu, and the miso rib eye is a MUST! They give you rice and radish soup too along with side dishes. The service was great, granted there was only another couple in there with us, but still....great service! My daughter got a free ice cream on the way out lol which she loved and they brought out spicy kimchi noodles for us to try as well!  mmmm I'm getting hungry now. Lol we will definitely be back!
5	So happy we stopped by here! The ambience is very nice and clean. There are huge big screen tvs that play Korean Pop music videos which is very entertaining haha \nTo start off, we ordered the Bulgogi Tacos which is pretty amazing and spicy! I have to say this would be my favorite from what we ordered. For our entrees, we got the chicken katsu with the curry. The katsu was great but I wasn't a fan of the curry. It needed more flavor. We also ordered Chap Jae. You can't go wrong with that. It was tasty and portions were plenty. \nThe mini veggie appetizers they give you in the beginning of your meal had a lot of flavor compared to other Korean restaurants in town. I def enjoyed that. They also served a side of soup and rice with your entrees which I thought was nice. The broth was delicious. \n\nDef want to come back and try other more items on the menu!\nAlso, if you check in, you get a free mini ice cream =D
5	I went into this restaurant because a close friend recommended that I try the miso ribeye and their kimchee. Tried it and it was delicious. I totally recommend the ribeye and would definitely try it again. The service was surprisingly great and fast. This restaurant is a must try with its great food.
5	Excellent service and food.  Place is clean and modern.  Everyone is friendly.  The food is delicious.  Used a groupon and got more than its worth.  Got jap chae (which says bulgogi glass noodles on the menu), dumplings and seafood soup (soon do bu) and some ramen to go.  I wouldn't mind coming back here and paying full price.
5	Food is REALLY GOOD. Loved  the crispy anchovy  and the kalbi. Loved the chicken drumstick appetizer... So crispy.  The owner Mr Lee and server  Edward are the best! Will definately come back and being friends.
5	Amazing service and food. Definitely order the bulgogi tacos. You won't find this great of food and drinks for this inexpensive anywhere around Vegas. The staff is extremely welcoming and really attentive. A+ would recommend to anyone.
4	Nice Korean place! Spicy Bulgogi has got quite a bit of kick as the name suggests, but was still really good. Atmosphere is nice and modern, and I was pleasantly supported they had NCAA tournament games on.
5	Go for the bulgogi. Get it spicy. But proceed with caution. Deliciously hot. They can accommodate your needs on a 1-20 scale. #finetuning
5	It's my second time here and the food is awesome! The flavors are strong and unique unlike a lot of other places I've been to. I recommend this place for sure!
5	My friends and I shared a great meal at Gangnam street. The Kimchi stew and cold tofu were our favorites and we can't wait to come back and try more items. The owners and staff were also very lovely and warm. They made the experience 100x better for us and make Gangnam street stand out.
5	Surprisingly delicious Korean food. Banchan has good variety. Staff is nice and give the place an authentic feel. I ordered the Kalbi. Comes with rice and soup. The soup is good alone. Kalbi is tasty. Nice joint to be in the Southwest. One thing for sure I will be coming back to try their other dishes!
1	Worst experience I've had in a long time. \nTerrible service. \nOrdered nachos that came out looking and tasting like ballpark nachos...jarred jalape?os, cheese wiz, and generic chips. Half of the nachos were cold and the other half hot, it was so strange. And $14!!!!! \nWouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't so overpriced.
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. \n\nThe food was great. Authentic and nice spicyness. Bonchon was a little different with edamame and potatoes, but it still also had the usual radish and kimchi. We also were given a complimentary tofu soup. Our main dishes included the rice and fish cake platter, the spicy beef, and the bulgogi salad (forgive me for not knowing the actual Korean dish names). Add in some rare apple soju and I had a great time. The rice cakes were superb and the spicy beef was also a hit. Customer service was exceptional and they were always refilling our glass or bringing us more soju to keep the good times going. \n\nI really hope this place stays open so that there's good Korean in Summerlin and you don't have to go to Spring Valley or China Town for the goods. I wish they were open pst midnight on weekends and/or had a Happy Hour as Korean food is typically more expensive than other late night foods, but still the plates were large and I had a good time. I will be back.
5	Incredibly attentive staff and the food is amazing! We had the chap jae and bibimbap loco Moko, and not only was this superbly done but even the side dishes were especially tasty. The soup is to die for!
5	It was our first time and they did NOT disappoint! The flavor was great and the portions were a good size.\n\nThe sides were amazing! Kimchi, fish, soup so good! We got the kalbi (which was one of the best we've had) and the spicy pork belly, also very good! \n\nThe staff was super friendly. We will definitely be back!
4	Was skeptical about Korean Fusion , but I'm sold. Spicy Pork Belly is a must have. Great customer service. Try a few main dishes and share.
5	Love it here. Miso Ribeye is my favourite, surprisingly juicy and tender, totally worth 20 bucks!
5	It was our first time being here and it was such an amazing experience. The staff was so friendly and nice. We ordered the cheese corn, bulgogi nachos, and the dynamite chicken. Wow, I cannot explain how good they were. As we were getting ready to pay the lady said they took 10% off our bill. So our bill was only $20. They took off the cheese corn and the extra rice that we had ordered. And they also gave us complement ice cream. Hands down the best service we've ever gotten. And we will be coming back.
5	Birthday Dinner was a beautiful success:\n\nThe customer service was great, a good medium of not being overwhelming while still remembering that you're there. The wautresses were also very helpful in suggesting food items to order, explaining the homemade side dishes, and other useful details like those. \n\nThe interior was clean, comfortable, trendy tables, TVs playing Kpop/US News/etc, and overall a step up from some Korean sit down resturaunts I've been to.\n\nBest part was hands down the food, things on the menu might seem limited and pricey but in all actuality it's worth the price paid. The miso beef with pickled onions were a nice sweet contrast to the spicy squid, while the deep fried chicken with spicy mayo and sweet chili were a whole new taste! The soup that came with the meal reminded me of a Filipinl soup called nilaga, and it really waa a nice gentle flavlor in comparison to the explosions from every dish on thr table.\n\nDefinately would come back again!
1	Drove all the way from Orange County and they are closed at 1PM.  They have a sign outside right now advertising their lunch specials.  I'm so bummed.  The tv is on and someone is blasting music but the door is locked  I tried to call but no answer.
5	Food and Soju are good! We had Kimchy pancake (my favorite), Korean style wings, Kimchy fried rice and beef curry rice. Our waiter, Jayden, was great! He also gave us good tips on where to buy Korean skin care products.
5	the food was AMAZING and their customer service is on point!! ordered the dynamite chicken, corn cheese, and bulgogi nachos
5	One word: YUMMY! So glad that there's a good Korean restaurant in this area. We've been to the other ones on the southwest and they're just not that good. But this one is! We tried their pork belly and tonkatsu. Both my son's favorite! If he approves then you know it's good. He says this place has the best tonkatsu.  I really liked the pork belly. It's grilled with veggies and seasoned perfectly! I should've taken pictures before but everything looked so delicious we just dove right in!
5	So, this is my new favorite Korean spot now. I'm not sure what my original fav was, but this is gonna be the go to. Very cool, quaint restaurant adjacent to Fuddruckers. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed. Big props to Edwin and Ben for taking care of me. This was and is a wonderful change of pace in my restaurant Rolodex.
5	The food was delicious and the service was quick. This place is very clean and cute!! Nice place for an intimate dinner.
5	Very friendly staff.  Had the brisket, miso ribeye, and Gangnam beef app, all were very good but the miso ribeye was the stand out favorite.  Along with the sides to eat with the rice the meal was outstanding.  Looking forward to trying the chicken dishes next time.
5	Such great service and friendly staff! The Gangnam beef was amazing! We also had the dumplings (fried) and the kimchi and spam rice. Everything was good! The server was so sweet and made good suggestion.
4	Came here for a quick dinner. My boyfriend enjoyed his dinner however I did not love mine. The service was average. I don't think I will return.
4	This is more of a 3.5 than 4 due to service but the food is on point when it comes to flavor.  We really liked the dynamite chicken and the miso rib eye.  We also ordered the regular fried rice for my 1 year old, but this really lacked flavor.  The miso ribeye has a savory flavor with the miso and is paired well with the onions/citrus garnish.  The meat is also very tender.  The chicken was fried to a crispy perfection and of course sriracha mayo sauce tastes good on everything.  There was only one server for the whole restaurant, which makes sense if your not busy.  However, with six tables occupied, service was a little lacking. Also, the server's English was not very good.  Later on I realized he was not trying to sell us soup, but wanted to know if we wanted the soup that came with the meal.  Also, I asked for a cup of hot water and he said it was not available.  I had to kindly suggest if he can just microwave some hot water for me.....For people with younger kids, they do not have high chairs.  We did use a Groupon on our first visit and the waiter kind of laughed when the bill came back and it was less than $10 afterwards.  We tipped generously on the full amount of the bill, but maybe advise your servers not to laugh at the use of Groupons.  The point of a Groupon is to bring people in and try your food....  We came and we enjoyed the food, so we will definitely be back since there are not too many good Korean options in the area.  But Gangnam step up your service!
5	Lovely Service. I came for the gizzards but it's off the menu. But spicy pork belly is good. Chicken wings crispy. And the beef special was unctuous!
5	Good Korean food, and the workers are very polite. Clean, not a huge restaurant. But that's the way I like places.
5	Creative Koreab fusion.. Ordered the Bibimbap Loco Moco, Beef Curry Rice, and Korean Wings. All very flavorful. The wings are meaty and juicy.
4	This place is pricey, but its worth every penny!\nNot a fancy place with the prices you pay that are comparable at other fine restaurants. Just a casual dining in & out kinda place. Preparation of food is similar to Korean food prepared in Hawaii...onolicious!! \\m/
1	They keep changing their prices, within a month price went up from $8 to $10 for chicken katsu. \nI wanted to place a phone order and the guy just told my it's $18 for chicken katsu curry. ??? Lame!
5	For several years, I traveled to Korea regularly for business.  During those visits, I got to know both the people and the food fairly well.  The people are gracious and welcoming, and the food is remarkable to say the least. It is fresh, healthy, and full of wonderful flavors and textures.  There is no other cuisine quite like it anywhere in the world. \n\nOnce my travel came to an end, I quickly discovered that quality Korean fare is very difficult to find in the US.  Over the last few years, I have eaten at Korean establishments from D.C. to San Diego, and have yet to find a place that sent me back to the busy streets of Seoul.  That is, until last night when I chanced upon Gangnam Street.  \n\nGangnam, if you are not aware, is much more than a trendy song from a guy that dances funny.  It is an upscale area in the center of Seoul full of shopping, dining, and a big chunk of the South Korean entertainment industry.  Like the rest of Seoul, it is a bustling high energy area full of people.  I worked and stayed in this area many times, so when I saw Gangnam Street tucked in modestly next to Fuddruckers my interest immediately peaked. \n\nOver my years of traveling, I have learned that the best food in the world generally does not come from big, fancy, overpriced restaurants.  To the contrary, I have found that some of my most memorable meals came from small, out of the way, establishments where the owner is both the waiter and the cook.  Their menus are were not full of dishes created by consultants, but rather recipes that were handed down through generations of their family.  They are not so much making you a meal as they are offering you a part of their life. The minute I walked into Gangnam Street, I could tell that it was one of these places.\n\nThe restaurant is small, but well appointed and very clean.  You can tell they take great pride in their establishment. The owner came out to talk to me when I came in, and happily gave me a sample of some of the best kimchi I have had anywhere.  My theory is that when you walk into an Italian eatery for the first time, you order spaghetti and meatballs.   If you don't like it, you will not like anything else they have to offer.  I have found this theory works with almost any type of fare, so the minute I tasted the owner's homemade kimchi, I knew that the food at this little joint was going to be great!   For the record I ordered the Dynamite Chicken, Kimche Pancakes, Chap Jae (Korean noodles), and bulgogi nachos.  In addition to my order, the owner supplied me with a healthy portion of their delicious kimchi and nice selection of banchan (Korean side dishes).\n\nThe kimchi pancake was tender with crispy edges and was accompanied by a delicious sauce that had just enough spice to give it a lovely kick.  The noodles were fresh and accompanied with a lovely selection of mushrooms, vegatables, beef, and peppers. The Dynamite Chicken was crispy, perfectly cooked, and came with a nice spicy mayo and sweet pepper sauce. The nachos were fun and tasty as well.   Overall the quality of Gangnam's food is outstanding, and the perfectly crafted flavors instantly took me back to the alleys and side streets of Samcheongdong and Insadong.  I am already looking forward to my next visit.  \n\nSo here is my advice.  If, like me, you love small owner operated joints that put out great food, you owe yourself a trip to Gangnam Street.  Whether you are a Korean food connoisseur, or have never tried the stuff, you have my assurance that Gangnam will not disappoint. And while you are there, spend some time talking to the owner. I guarantee you will leave happily full and feeling like you have made a new friend.
4	Food was good. A bit over priced. Almost everything is spicy but if you used to korean food than that's not a big problem. They use the same red chili sauce in most of those spicy foods also. Might come back.
5	The food here is delicious. We were too hungry to take pictures (sorry) but the food was very fast and the service was great! We will come back again if in the area.
5	Another new place opened in my area! The place is fun with korean music videos playing the whole time, the service is great, and the food is fun! Korean hawaiian fusion!! The bibimbap loco moco was so good and the portion is huge! Also tried the cold tofu which is tasty with the tempura crunch. This place is so good, I went back 2 days later and brought 3 new friends!!
5	The food here is so delicious! We started with the bulgogi tacos, which I hadn't intended on eating until they came out. They looked so good I couldn't help but take one. For our entrees we indulged in the beef curry rice and the beef bibimbap loco mocco. \n\nService was also fantastic. The waitresses were very attentive and super sweet. We'll definitely be back; excited to see how this place grows.
5	Delicious food, super SUPER nice service. \n\nWe got the poke, korean chicken wings, miso and kimchi soups. Everything was solid but my favorites were the soups and banchan. They even accommodated me on my order since I don't eat beef and were so attentive through the whole meal. \n\nThis place is perfect if you're craving korean food but don't want to do AYCE bbq.
5	Came by here about a week after their official opening. Drawn here due to the cute mascot they had :)\n\nMy friend and I ordered seafood pancake, the cold tofu and a specially ordered vegetarian bimbimbap loco moco (they even threw in some extra veggies since this was mainly a meat dish). Everything was was delicious, including the small side dishes they served alongside our meal. My favorites were definitely the cold tofu appetizer, the complimentary seaweed soup and the stewed beef side dishes.\n\nSuper friendly service made it feel like I was eating at a friend's house :)\n\nDefinitely check this place out for good food at excellent prices!
4	Friendly, easy parking and terrific kimchi!  We came early in the evening and had the place to ourselves.  We shared the fried dumpling appetizers -- generous serving and delicious.  Loved the little dishes (seaweed, fish cake, and squid) that came out before the meal.  My bibimbap was very good and my partner's pork belly and vegetables was even better.  The food was NOT too sweet -- something I hate in many Korean restaurants.  I wish they had a full bar and opened for lunch -- especially on the weekends.
4	This place was spur the moment dinner. My wife and I ate here for our first time tonight and I've got to say, it exceeded my expectations for a little hole in the wall joint. \n\nThe decor is super cute, modern, and clean. The service was attentive and great. We were seated quickly. And our drink orders were taken care of asap. \n\nWe ordered the Bulgogi Bibimbap and Bulgogi Burger. Both were very very delicious. Good portions too. \n\nThe cook, I'm assuming, came out and checked to see how we liked everything and we thought that was very nice. Going above and beyond. He even engaged in small talk and gave us two desserts on the house. \n\nThe only reason why I didn't give five stars, is because I thought the price for a regular Coke of $3 was kind of expensive just for a Coke, and the Bulgogi Burger bread was getting a little hard the longer it sat there on my plate. So I ate it pretty quick to avoid that. Lol. \n\nOther than that, I would recommend and I definitely would go back.
5	Beef bibibap! Yummy I would definitely recommend. Do the special . Much yum . \n\nHonestly it's really really good you should come here. Amazing the prices are pretty good
1	I couldn't tell you how horrible my experience was, I'm a server myself and so I usually give aaalllloooottttt of room for mistakes. My patience was tested here and I just wanted to leave after the neglect, the unapologetic service, annoying television with horrible taste of music videos, and the food. On a date with my husband, ready to eat a good meal, and being teased by the unknown amount of time they literally dropped food off at our table to find out \"oops not yours\" and take it away repeatedly. I couldn't look at the server at this point, I wanted to pay whatever my bill was and runnnnnn out without eating but my husband was keeping me entertained. I couldn't even get water, my husband had to get up to grab the bottle for us. Our food took 40 minutes, entree before appetizer, then the rice, not enough sides. And another app came out at the end when we were signing the bill. Lol we forgot about it completely so they took it off our bill. Neighbor was complaining they were missing their short ribs  and a few other orders and how it's been 45 minutes. I'm sure it was on our table. They tried to make it better with ice cream. This place left such a bad taste in my mouth, I don't think I will be returning. I'm just going to stick with Hobak Korean BBQ.
4	Food was super yummy. Portions were huge and prices were very reasonable (we went in with a Groupon, and had to really try hard to spend the full amount). Staff was friendly and attentive. They are new and seemed like they were still working out the kinks of service, though. The kitchen was slow, even though it was not overly crowded, which is the only reason they didn't get full 5 stars. We loved it though, and we absolutely plan on going back!
5	Was craving Korean food and saw this brand new restaurant and had to give it a try! Went here for the soft opening and I will definitely be back! I had bulgogi nachose, dynamite chicken, cold tofu and kalbi. All items that we ordered were amazing! Definitely will be back again!
5	This place used to be Aranya Thai Bistro, sitting in between Fuddruckers and Mad Hatter Cupcakes at the Grand Canyon Parkway retail hub, and is close to Flamingo Road, 215 and Hualapai Way.\n\nWe came in for an early dinner today. There are huge 4 or 5 big screen TVs that were playing Korean Pop music videos which is very entertaining to watch.\n\nAppetizers include steamed or fried dumplings, corn cheese,\" Tofu soup, etc.\n\nWe tried their house sake and they also serve Soju, imported Korean beer and a limited wine selection including \"Walmae Makgeolli\" Korean rice wine. \n\nAfter you order, the server brings you 5 mini plates of various pickled vegetables such as edamame, kimchi, seaweed etc\n\nWe ordered a medium spicy Chicken wings. Then we had Bulgogi Tacos and Bulgogi Noodle which were pretty delicious and spicy. The noodle dish had a very unique taste and I loved it. \n\nThe service was great.\n\nWe will def. be back and try other more items on the menu. It looked interesting and tasty!\n\nWe also got two mini Hawaiian Frost when we checked in and they were so delicious.
5	Came here on an empty stomach and left feeling full and satisfied. They give you a good amount of food for whatever plate you order. We ordered the beef fried rice, Korean chicken wings, and bulgogi nachos...everything was good! We will definitely come back again!
4	Korean food close by! Really good! Big portions! Definitely will come back! Wish they had more things on the menu..
4	My husband and I took a walk and decided to stop in for a bite. Of course, we were under-dressed in gym clothes lol. But it was actually busy. We were immediately greeted, seated, and asked what we wanted to drink. The restaurant is pretty nice on the inside. Perfect to take a date. There are TVs all over the place, some with sports on and others playing different K-pop music videos. I love it when a restaurant plays authentic music from their country. The menu was small but had great choices. Each dish came with a biwl of rice, soup, and at least 5 different types of kimchi. The chopsticks were silver, the glasses were metal- very posh. The Cucumber kimchi was our favorite. I ordered the Spicy Tacos which were 3 fist-sized tacos on flour tortillas with carne asada in a spicy sauce. It was pretty good! My husband ordered the Spicy Bulgogi. He felt that it was just way too saucy and that the portion was very small. But he didn't dislike it, I think he just expected something else and he is used to getting big portions. \n\nWhen we were there, they kicked off their first night of Karaoke! They have very thick song books, a huge monitor where the words were displayed, and 2 microphones. It was actually a lot of fun!!! I think the owners were there bc even after we paid and stayed to participate in Karaoke, we were offered free desert (shaved ice by Aloha Company), were offered free beer, and even offered us Sake. It was just a really cool environment that actually caused people in the restaurant to interact. We were strangers until Karaoke happened, then it seemed like everyone in the restaurant became friends! \n\nI definitely would go back and try other dishes. Plus, would go back for Karaoke! \n\nWe were served with smiles!
5	Tried this Korean restaurant for the first time. The dynamite chicken was really good. Very crispy and sweet. Service was excellent, they had side dishes coming out frequently and offered complimentary soup. The dessert was awesome too. We really liked this place and will be back.
5	Stumbled into this place.  Looking around the area to get some good food and drinks.  And that's what I got.  Great place.
5	This place is everything! You seriously won't find better chicken wings. I got addicted and ordered five days in row their Korean wings. The stuff is super sweet and nice as well.
5	Stopped in here today for early dinner with the wife.  Super clean modern interior greeted us.  The staff greeted us immediately and seated us.  The staff was very friendly and patient when we asked questions.  The food came out fairly quickly.  We ordered fried dumplings and kimchi seafood pancake for appetizers.  My kimchi pancake was big enough for dinner by itself.  Both were very good.  We ordered a variety of entrees to really experience Korean food.  We ordered Beef Bibimbap loco moco ( wife, as she does not like anything g with kimchi), stir fried spicy squid, pork belly with veggies.  Entrees came with rice, soup and the assorted Korean pickled veggies, which included kimchi, fish cake, black bean, apple salad, pickled root of some type.  Everything was top notch tasty and fresh.\n\nWe will definitely return.
5	I have loved all of the different pizzas we have gotten from Toppers!  So much better and FRESHER than the other \"chain\" delivery places!  (And definitely better than Digorno! LOL!)\nThe BBQ chicken pizza is one of our faves!\nThey have some unique and innovative flavors of pizzas too.\nI adore the thin crust style!\nLots of different dipping sauces to choose from too, which is unique.\nDelivery Drivers and counter staff have been very helpful & personable also.\nCan't wait for their next location in Ballantyne to open!\nLocal owner is also a bonus!  #ShopLocal. #SupportLocal
1	The employees here don't know how to communicate or do a job correctly for that matter. Rude and not helpful when it came to an error that they could have fixed. The \"manager\" was to lazy to ring up my order the way it should be and made me pay double what I should have. Is it possible to give 0 stars?
1	I have ate so many pizza places including other Toppers and no experience could compare to this location in fort mill. Literally had a 1 hour wait and kept getting told it's almost done only to find out it was never in the over then the pizza came out 20 minutes before cheese sticks. Crazy awful experience. Couldn't explain how bad the experience was.
5	First time placing an order, pizza and wings were delicious. Great and courteous delivery person.  Early delivery on top of that. Will recommend to family and friends
2	I have really enjoyed their pizza! Their customer service and their employees ability to talk with courtesy to customers is seriously lacking. I've spoken with their manager, and he has been more than kind, but the kids taking their phone orders need to be trained.
1	I called in my order to deal with a girl who had an attitude taking my order. To top off the conversation in the middle of me ordering my topping on the pizza she said, \"Can you hold?\" Needless to say I canceled my order and will not be ordering from this location again. This was my second time ordering at this place and was looking forward to continuing to explore their menu. The exceptionally awful customer service that seemed to be bothered to be answering the phone was enough to check out Marcos instead.
2	Slow delivery, over an hour. Tasted very similar to Domino's.
5	Toppers knows how to take the fast pizza & take-out model to a higher level.  Great food, great service.  Really love the crust and pizza sauce, wings are excellent and specialty cheese bread is a nice addition.  Much better value than larger national brands.  My family loves it and we're never going back to the others!
4	Produce is fairly good. Most grocery staples available and always a large variety e.g. bread/hard bread, rice, oil (not sure about milk, butter or cereal besides oatmeal). Lots of frozen fish and some frozen veggies available all at competitive prices. If that doesnt interest you well theres two aisles dedicated to west indian spices and hot sauce! Nuff said!! Picked up two Mr. Goudas Yellow Fire 85 ml bottles for $1 total. Very large bags of rice available here. A small aisle for west african foods like fufu and plaintain fufu mix, palm nut oil, natural peanut paste, palm nut for soup and kotoko kebab spice from Ghana. For those who are in need of hair products, you are in luck. They have the most common products, tools, few wigs and extensions too. I definitely will be back!
4	4 stars.... Not for service or for ambience but mostly for the largest selection of Jamaican products in the area.  For the most part it's clean, and they are always updating things, and moving things around.  The fish market area can give the store a smell, as expected.  You choose the fish and they will take the scales off for you on the spot if you so desire.  There are bags of chicken feet, legs, thighs, breasts, or turkey neck, etc.  There are buckets of pig tails, pig feet, etc.  In the butchers case there is always a nice selection of goat, pig, oxtail, etc.   The produce area changes from time to time depending on whats in season but generally has a good selection of mostly jamaican produce, with a few exceptions from time to time.    There are a few African, Guyanese, & Trini products but the large majority are catered to the Jamaican population.   It's worth checking out from time to time if you need anything.
2	Pizza was 42 minutes old when it was sold to me. The cheese was dried and darkened and the pizza was not hot at all. Very disappointing experience when you can't wait to eat after a long day. Normally this location is good, but they let this one slip through the cracks. \n\nI am a former Little Caesars GM, so I understand how the markings on the box work. Each pizza has a 30 minute shelf time from the moment it comes out of the oven until it expires and needs to be thrown out. They are marked 30 minutes ahead of time so the crew knows when to trash it. My box was marked \"4\" which means it expires when the minute hand reaches the \"4\", or in this case at 8:20. My receipt has a transaction time of 8:32 so this pizza was 42 minutes old and expired by 12 minutes when it was sold. \n\nI understand the want to not have a high nightly waste, and it sucks when you make too many pizzas and nobody buys them. But the answer is not to sell expired pizza to customers, all that will do make us not want to come back. Crew and assistant managers should be retrained on expiration procedures. This pizza was bad enough that I don't know if I'd go back.
4	Pizzas are always made fresh. And when I say fresh, I mean (THIS BOX IS HOT AS HELL FRESH!) \n\nYou get in, and you get out! Nothing better than that! I know this is dumb, but I came with a crazy idea that the next time I go I would time them on how fast they can get the transaction and pizza carry out done. LOL\n\nOH and try the Deep Dish pizza! I know its about 3-4 bucks more, but its worth it if you can afford it. hahaha!
1	Told me ten minutes has been twenty- still waiting for hot and ready pizzas. Really disappointing! Don't tell me ten minutes and not come through I have students waiting on these with a scheduled lunch time!!!
1	I will never eat at little Caesars again, while the limited edition pretzel crust pizza was still available my mom and I went to this location and got 2 pretzel crust pizzas and went home, when we went to dish them out I was surprised to find the cheese was moldy and not 'oh it's just a spice' no it was a greenish blue color, took both pizzas straight back, got a refund and went to a dominos.
5	I usually do not like Little Cesar's. The pizza is usually plain, dry and underwhelming. The crazy bread is usually bland and I never understand the hype...until today. The deep dish pizza and crazy bread where perfection. Seriously delicious. Whatever two people are working today, like right now,  kudos to them. They nailed it! Food is awesome and my coworkers agree.
1	Lmao guess I didn't need to leave a review I just should have checked Yelp first. Now I'm glad they didn't have any \"hot and ready\" pizzas. Stopped in to grab a pizza real quick and they had a 15min wait one. No cheese or pepperoni. Gotta step your game up guys, Quick pizza is what you're supposed to be all about. The store could use a good cleaning inside and out too. I didn't really want to grab the handle when I came in
1	Came here just to order a pretty standard meal, one pizza, cheesy bread and a small order of wings. I've been waiting for well over 30 minutes with three screaming children in the car and I've had enough time to create a Yelp account just to complain and I'm still waiting. Absolutely ridiculous and they are handing everyone else there food but me. There's no reason for this wait and I will not be coming back. Most incompetent staff ever.
4	Got the bacon crust pizza was hot and ready upon pick up. Ordered a regular pepperoni a couple days later and again they delivered as promised.
1	If you want a pizza that's ready to pick up quickly this is not the place. Last 2 visits all I wanted was a pepperoni pizza and both times I was told a 15-20 minute wait. Hot and ready?????? Obviously not. Staff isn't the nicest either
4	The customer portion of this location is TINY. Perhaps 5 people can fit in there before it feels very cramped. A small portable swamp cooler was placed by the entrance to keep it from getting too warm in there, which was like a finger in a leaking dam.\n\nThe cashier seemed aloof and did not pay too much attention to what we were asking about in regards to our order. She would ask the cooks where pizzas with a different combination of toppings than ours was, to their confusion. Then turned right around and told us the pizza would be ready shortly.\n\nFortunately, our food came out correctly, which we were nervous about. It tasted as Little Ceasars pizza does. Nothing overly great, but it's an expensive meal or two.
4	Ok So I love Little Caesar's =) The prices are great especially when I have a full house on the weekends... The taste is really good considering they are only 5 dollars!!! The store could use some remodeling its way to small for a large rush!
2	Ok so I get it, it's little Caesars which I don't go in thinking that I'm going to get the worlds best pizza or best service. But lawd this place sucks. The cashiers weren't playing any attention to my order or anyone else's. Whatever drama was happening took more importance. There needs to be a better manger than what is there.
1	\"Hot 'n Ready\" is plastered all over this establishment, yet the pizza you'll receive will be neither hot nor ready.  I called ahead for a standard pizza and crazy bread order during dinner rush.  I was told on the phone I'd have to be there in \"15 to 12 minutes.\"  I said, \"what was that??\" The girl again repeated \"15 to 12.\"  I said, \"did you say 15 to 12?\" She said yes. Hmm. This tells you a lot about the caliber of employee working here.  I get to the store in 15 minutes and there is a line of disgruntled patrons standing around.  There are literally only 2 pizzas in the warmer.  No bread, no wings, no other PIZZA.  No one is at the counter.  The phone is ringing.  Where is everyone??  Finally someone comes out and I said I was there for my call ahead order. She says \"oh we have to wait for the bread.\"  Hmmm, ok.  Tick tock, I'm now 23-25 minutes post ordering and finally the bread is done.  A girl brings up the bread and a pizza that's been sitting in the back the entire time.  I said \"wait, has this been sitting out this whole time?\" She smiled and said \"it has!\"  I said I don't understand why when the warmer is essentially empty.  Another girl who is apparently in charge of solely cutting one pizza every 7 minutes came out from the back and said it hadn't been sitting out for \"more than 10 minutes.\"  Wtf??  I have a 15 minute drive ahead of me, but whatever.  The ineptitude of the teenagers working here is unbelievable.  No one waiting for their food was happy nor satisfied.  What's worse -- the employees are oblivious!  How are you a \"Hot 'n Ready\" pizza joint and don't have pizza ready for the dinner rush???  Not a single person who came in was able to grab and go.  If I wanted to wait 20+ minutes for a pizza, I'd go to a place with better quality ingredients.  This place is a sorry excuse for a convenient pizza place.
4	I personally LOVE little caesar's. The crazy bread is the answer though. Only a dollar, and pure heaven.
4	I ain't rich.  I'm barely comfortable, what with student loans and the like.  Little Caesars isn't the best pizza in the world - far from it.  However their $5 pepperoni carry-out special paired with the $2 \"Crazy\" bread (and it's definitely crazy) will feed me for a couple of days and it's more edible than Domino's.  (Side rant:  Domino's is a plague upon humanity.  How are they still in business?)\n\nThis specific location isn't particularly friendly or responsive, but I'm not expecting much from a $5 pizza.
2	**EDITED. 2 hours after I wrote this I was contacted by the Owner and a manager! They were very accommodating with WONDERFUL SERVICE! I added one more star!----------------------\n-- I am very disappointed in the horrendous customer service I experienced by every employee I encountered during my visit. I called ahead and ordered a cheese pizza with extra cheese. The woman on the phone  kept asking me if I wanted pepperoni on my pizza and I said no thank you. She asked me a couple times but I declined and when I arrived there to pick up my pizza I told her I was picking up an extra cheese cheese pizza for my Grandmother. She said, \"do you mean the pepperoni pizza?\" and I replied, no I did not order pepperoni on my pizza. This employee told me that I did order pepperoni. She then told me that I specifically told her I wanted pepperoni on the pizza. I have never experienced anything like this before- I just told her again that I didn't and I would like a cheese pizza with extra cheese. It was although she was fighting me and told me that I ordered something that I didn't remember ordering. My grandmother doesn't eat pepperoni, and she's 91, so I know that I did not mention anything about pepperoni.  She said something about her phone being unclear or something, walked away from me, and then I guess the manager at the time walked up to me. Again, she said to me, \"I hear you are picking up a pepperoni pizza\" and I told her there must be a mistake and I ordered cheese pizza with extra cheese for my grandmother!\" She also argued with me to tell me that I had ordered pepperoni. I was thinking - how bizarre- because I never spoke to her before and why wouldn't she just want to rectify the situation. At the time I entered the store there were literally between 7-10 people in the little waiting area and a couple people outside. I know they were very busy and I wasn't mad about the mistake-I was just upset the way I was treated. It's like the two employees were telling me that I was wrong. I just told the manager that I would like them to please make me a cheese pizza with extra cheese and I will wait. She said it will be 10 minutes and I said no problem. I was pretty upset because nobody had apologized and instead I felt HUMILIATED in front of a ton of people like I don't know how to order a pizza or that I don't know what I ordered. I asked her what they can do for my inconvenience and she said they would give me free crazy bread. I said thank you. I had to ask for her to do something! It was beyond bizarre. So about 8 or so minutes later one of the many customers in the store told me that he sees my pizza.I went over to him and asked him how he knows that that pizza sitting on a counter in the back was my pizza. He then told me that he heard another employee say \"this is the extra cheese pizza\".He said that it had been sitting there for a minute and that's why he wanted to tell me. I was confused and thought it was very weird, but I hollered into the back area (bc nobody was in front at the counter at the time- also weird because of the amount of people), and a nice new employee brought it to me promptly. I told her that I heard this might be my pizza and she confirmed it. Then I told her that I was given free crazy bread. She asked me for my receipt. I was never given a receipt with my corrected order and I did ask my original person that was working with me that I spoke on the phone- about whether I needed a receipt and she said no. Also the manager said no. So when the woman who brought my pizza asked another employee up front (one who didn't know my story and was new to the situation) she said I need a receipt. I told her I was told by two employees I didn't need one. Then she just walked away and the manager came back. I checked my pizza and it felt colder than usual. I told her that I don't have my receipt because you said I don't need it, but you were going to give me crazy bread for the inconveniences.She grabbed the bread. I told her that I wanted her to know that a gentleman waiting told me about my pizza and how it had been sitting out for a minute. I told her that it was less than 10 minutes and I am ok with this, but I think it's weird that after everything it would be sitting there.Then she proceeded to tell me that it was not true and it was impossible that it was sitting out because she made it. I told her the gentleman saw it and told me and I saw it and had to call someone in the back to bring it to me. She said well that is HIS opinion that it was sitting out there, but that is NOT what happened. I told her why would he make this up, there are a ton of people in here. I told her \"You know what, I wouldn't be upset at all if you guys made a mistake, I had to wait a bit longer, if you just said you were sorry!\"I told her NOBODY during this entire encounter said SORRY! She looked at me weird and I told her I was going to write about this online
1	I'm just gonna come out and say it. The pizza here sucks. Don't get me wrong, I have had pizza here before, and I wasn't expecting anything amazing, just edible! I tried to order the new pretzel crust pizza and get different toppings than just pepperoni and they said I couldn't. Wtf. I've never heard of a pizza place where you can't add your own toppings. This to me means that the pizza was already premade. Strike 1. I didn't like the pretzel crust pizza at all. Besides the fact that it was cold, there was just no flavor. The pretzel crust leaves a lot to be desired. It doesn't really taste pretzely. There was hardly any nacho cheese on the pizza at all. It was just an all around fail. Strike 2. I ordered crazy bread and sauce, which I normally really like, and they were both cold. Strike 3. When we got to the store, we were ignored for about 5 minutes. No one was even paying attention to the customers that were lined up at the front, they were just fooling around in the back. We were about to leave because they didn't even acknowledge us. The sad part is that they have an open kitchen so we can see and hear everything. Strike 4. Shitty services, gross pizza. I won't be back.
2	Food was average and took a long time to come, service was friendly but there's nothing really special to come back for. The paella was full of seafood and flavorful but the burger just decent, seemed like something that could be found anywhere.\n\nOverall, probably won't be coming back.
4	I don't know why every Pickle Barrel I go to seems like it's way too big and they have way too many items on the menu. However, I would like to say I always order Asian Nachos and they are always delicious. If I made more money (I'm just graduating college), I would come to these restaurants more often and get something other than an appetizer. They have some really cool drinks too; the White Freezie is so good!
4	I'm a big fan of this place! \n\nWhat's with all dem haterz?\n\nIt's a chain, so just deal with. There's a reason a single restaurant becomes a chain..it's because they have a good product(s).\n\nI've loved the Pickle Barrel ever since I was a teen, and I still love this place for memories of my teenage years.\n\nThis location (Atrium @ Bay) is my favourite.\n\nThe d\u00e9cor is really nice, and they have some great seating arrangements.\n\nI love they're burgers, and the surf and turf is awesome.\n\nMy steak and meat is always cooked perfectly ( I love the medium rare)\n\nThe Bellini's and Daq's are HUGE.\n\nI suggest if you want to get all liquored up, don't order them. If you want something delicious to sip on through your meal, order em.\n\nAnd then there's the desert menu.\n\nJust one thing to say about that:\n\nDIABETUS MAXIMUS.\n\nGo all out and get the sampler. You'll regret it right after you eat it, maybe for the next day or two, but a few days later, you'll wanna do it all over again.
4	About the only things that I can comment on here are the Pickle Barrel Famous Nachos and the Chocolate Molten Lava Cake.\n\nThe nachos are great! Probably the best that I've had. Plenty of toppings, including tomato sauce which causes the nachos to be fairly soft (maybe even a little soggy) - but that's definitely preferable to the hard/well baked/burnt nachos I've had elsewhere.\n\nThe Lava cake is also delicious.  Maybe not the best that I've had, but very tasty nonetheless.\n\nThey have a huge menu, but haven't tried much else as the nachos and lava cake are usually enough for me to share with my wife.\n\nService is pretty slow, which is why one star has been deducted.
2	From it's humble beginnings as a suburban deli and rib joint, the Pickle Barrel has grown to become Toronto's version of the Cheesecake Factory (at least until the actual Cheesecake Factory arrives).  \n\nThe chain's own slogan now promises 'something for everyone', a claim backed up by a phonebook-sized menu (complete with advertisements). Time was, if you stuck to the old-school deli, the all-day breakfasts and the Passover menu (for the doubly-unkosher cihcken fingers and greek salad) you could still put together an enjoyable greasy-spoon experience. \n\nThen, they hired Rose Reisman as a consultant, and all Hell broke loose. \n\nToday's Pickle Barrel largely eschews the food and portion sizes of yore. There are wraps. There are panini. There is nutty couscous. I want to know what nutty couscous decided these options were necessary. \n\nDeli staple lox and cream cheese is no longer available on a proper bagel; only thin slices of stale black bread (did I mention that dinner used to come with a massive, fresh pumpernickel loaf? Just sayin').  \n\nBran muffins that tasted as good as they tenderized your innards are nowhere to be found. Proper greasebomb latkes have only recently returned, a quarter of their former size, while the illustriously deep-fried french toast seems to be gone for good (NOTE TO FOODIES: THEY SELL IT AT THE NEW YORKER DELI ON BAY STREET). \n\nRibs are still fine, but smothered in iteratively sweeter sauce for higher prices. Liver with onions and a bonus grilled hot dog is but a memory. \n\nI pause to note that I am reviewing a restaurant that no longer exists. \n\nI wonder if this is how the Cheesecake factory got it's start.
4	I had such a great lunch at the other Pickle Barrel nearby, that I decided to grab some breakfast here a few days later. Well it was my second choice, because Eggspectation was extremely packed. Anyways we had such a good meal, that I am kind of happy that the other place was too busy. I ordered a delicious mixed berry waffle. It was pretty good and to wash it down, I had some orange juice. The place serves breakfast all day, so don't worry about getting here at any particular time. Go, because while it may be a small chain, Pickle Barrel is greatness!
1	worst meal worst service rude non attentive waiter for lunch and there was hardly anyone there
1	So Disappointed.  The service was TERRIBLE.  My husband and I were ignored.  We were sitting next to a clock and it was literally 23 minutes before a server addressed us and took our drink order.  The servers were to busy singing and dancing to the crappy pop music to notice any of the customers.  Our server could not pronounce most of the items on the menu...  Only in Canada do you pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant.  You should never pay more than $2.50 for a taco.  I will have to get my Mexican food fix when I am back in the States.  Pretentious and overpriced.  This place makes a mockery of Mexican culture.
1	Went here on Monday night, had one of the worst experiences dining out I have ever had, four of us. Went without a reservation, sat at the bar no problem ot took a good 30 mins to even get service. Ordered two draughts a bottle of beer and a coke. Another 15 mins or so and our waitress come back with a single bottle of beer no explanation and walks off. We grabbed her on the way by and asked where the draughts were and the coke and bottle of beer she said \"Oh we're out of draught and have been all night\" then we finally got the rest of our drinks like 10 mins later. We order all of our food comes out separately at different times and the wrong dishes come out a couple of times. There is also the issue of having food allergy and ordering my food without avocado, surprise it still had avocado. This was the worst dining experience I've had in Toronto. This was the 2nd and last time we will go there. They are overpriced surly and lazy. No explanations as to the horrible experience and nothing was done to rectify the situation when we brought it to the attn of the host. Create a nice memory and eat out of a dumpster instead.
5	This place is awesome! The food is amazing! I love the steak burritos and their guacamole is to die for! The service is fantastic! I seem to get the same waiter, always pleasant and fast! It's very loud so not a place for a romantic dinner. I love going here with a bunch of girlfriends to catch up!
1	Usualy enjoy this place to an extent. I guess I've never really sat down for a meal there. Today I brought my mother in for lunch. We got 3 tacos each for $15 and a couple of drinks. Thinking the bill would be around $35 or so before tax, I was surprised to see the bill was over $50! Why? Our waiter charged us for the guacamole he brought to our table, $9. We were also charged about $4 for ' homemade sour cream' which we never asked for. Now the waiter did ask my mom, when I was in the washroom \"do you want guacamole with your (complimentary) chips?\" She didn't know, she just said 'yes', assuming it was free....since she should've asked (should've been told!) if there was a charge,I'll give them that,...but the sour cream?? It's not the charge, it's the principal.  I'm not a fan of sneaky servers or the managers that condone them, being a server myself that doesn't rip off her customers, i know this guy was just looking to add more $ to the bill to get a bigger tip. We just took the excess charges out of his tip. When I asked him about the guacamole he was quick to point out the price is on the menu, therefore justifying his actions. He knows what he's doing, and he knows it's sneaky and wrong. So this guy just lost me as a customer.
1	I wanted to like this place, I really did. I'll give it my two stars because the tacos were tasty, the decor was top notch. I'd heard buzz before it opened....Here's the thing, the staff were completely unorganized, some even nauseating.  A little more interested in hmmmm, being hip? \n\nSat at the oyster bar, didn't even get asked for drink orders for a good ten. Yet, there's five guys behind the bar (with a mean age of 22?) busy hive-fiving their pals sitting at the bar, texting, tweeting, whatever, instead of serving... A tad unprofessional boys. \n\nNext, bartender taking a shot with his pal (with subsequent high-five) steps out to bear-hug his buddy elbows my gf and knocks her purse to the floor. Yes, an accident, but not even an acknowledgment.... Was it the shots, kid? \n\nAsked about their beer on tap and the server says \"umm, I dunno what it's like; some Mexican beer?\"..... Really? \n\nOrdered an appetizer, as in, pre-dinner bite, which of course came 35 minutes after our order, with our meal; ouch. \n\nThis is Mexican people, not beef bourguignon.   \n\nOkay, it's new... I know it's tough working out the bugs in a new restaurant; and yes, its junction.... But management, there's more to hiring people with personality, experience, and professionalism than the number of tat's on ones forearms. \n\nI'm going to have to head a little further south for my tacos still, GE, style.
1	I can't understand why this place has so many good reviews. If want to hang out in a cool,trend,pretending to be in Mexico and spend lots of your money just go there. If you look for a great food definitely there is not the place. Its  not about the quality of the food but about how much you spend x how long you stay in this Mexico trend place. My seafood was completely overcooked. Im giving one star because the decoration is GREAT.  I assume the other locations are the same.
5	It may be expensive here, but the food is really good. The enchiladas and the burritos are really tasty. The sauce on it was amazing. What I love the most was the desserts. I really want to go back and have the flan and tres leches cake again. It was so yummy, you wouldn't believe it! The staff is amazing. They are really friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed talking to them. Overall, it was a wonderful experience.
4	Went here on a Friday for my B'day with some friends.  \nFour of the six of us were running late for the 5.30pm reservation and I was worried they would give our table away, but I called to advise this and they were kind enough to give us another 15 min.\n\nFood was fantastic from start to finish.  Great chips and salsa, I think we tried every Taco on the menu, maybe a few times.  Favorites were the breaded fish, pulled pork, short ribs and oxtail although all were so good.  We also tried the shrimp bucket and be warned its quite spicy.  \n\nMargaritas were amazing, cant remember which one we had but it was recommended by our fabulous waiter - great service the whole night.\n\nOnly reason I didn't give 5 stars is because we were \"kindly\" asked to leave by the lovely door bitch due to overstaying our allotted time limit for the reservation.\nI can understand if we had actually stopped ordering and were just chatting but hey we had just taken our final bites of the last round of tacos and were still planning on ordering dessert and plenty more drinks.  Our waiter bought us a round of tequilas on the house with the bill to say he was sorry which went down well.\n\nWould definitely recommend this place and will be trying their sister restaurant also.\ngreat night out!
5	Love, Love, Love their food. So good, honestly everything on the menu is sooo yummy. The seating can be a bit difficult at times, especially when its busy but, honestly the food is soo good. I've been here numerous times and i've never left disappointed. This is my go to Mexican spot. I love all the tacos, the guac, the burritos, the enchiladas, love the portions and beans, rice, everything is just so flavourful and what you would except from a Mexican restaurant.
2	Mediocre service by a staff who are clearly of the opinion that what they do is beneath them. As others have pointed out, a bit of a barn. As to the food, underwhelming. It *may* be acceptable in a city lacking quality mid-range Mexican food but this outfit and its kin would last about three seconds south of the border. You'd be better off eschewing trendy little joints like this and seeking out better offerings from places like Mexitaco or, better yet, hopping a plane to Chicago and treating yourself to a meal at Topolobampo.
1	My lunch companion and I are both regular customers of the Junction and the Dupont location.\nToday, we stopped in at the Junction for a lunch.  I entered with a coffee cup in hand, having stopped at a neighbouring coffeehouse beforehand.\nWe were greeted and very curtly told that I was not allowed to bring in an outside drink.  This would not have been an issue if the message had been delivered more politely.  I would have respected the policy and would either have tossed the coffee, or stepped back outside to finish my drink leisurely.\nPersonally, I think it's a small concession to let a customer bring in the dregs of a coffee to finish while perusing the menu, particularly if he or she is a regular customer who will willingly spend $50-60 at a time.  I've been at other restaurants that don't even bat an eyelash under the same circumstances, but I respect that a restaurant may have its own set of policies.\nMy companion pointed out that he was a regular customer and expressed surprise that the server was going to turn away a good customer for such a small thing.  The server very rudely said that they served coffee there, to which my companion replied that the Playa family had now lost his patronage forever.\nI used to bring clients regularly to Playa, but will unfortunately.now be entertaining them elsewhere.\nWhatever happened to treating customers with respect?
5	This past Saturday I had a party of 13 for 9pm.  I was a little concerned when first arriving as there was only 1 server for our table and I was worried it may affect our service time.  But I was hella wrong.  My entire party was thrilled with the food selection and drink selection.  The prices were right on par for a small group of varying income levels.  The atmosphere was fabulous for a party and everyone said they would be going back at a later date.  The food was filling and delicious.\nCan't wait to try it again!
1	Service, service, service - these guys obviously didn't get the memo. Haven't been back for a while since each of our three times there we experienced terrible care by the serving staff. On one instance we were asked if we wanted a birthday dessert for our friend's birthday, thinking it might come with some birthday flair like singing or clapping, but the plate was dropped off in front of his empty seat while he was using the washroom. Surprise! FAIL. One another instance, after checking back two times and ensuring there would be enough room for the birthday party attendees and that they would have no issue with splitting the cheques by table, hearing from other bad experiences, they somehow had the reservation go missing when she called to say they would be five minutes late. Happy Birthday! FAIL again. My boyfriend and I went back once more, only to have our food forgotten about. Never ever again Cantina.
2	Went to the Junction location on a Sunday night around 7pm. We were seated promptly, but were not seen by a server for 20 minutes. When our server showed up, she asked if she could get us some drinks. I said 'how about drinks and food?' She said sure! She took our order of drinks, and turned her back. Not cool. 10 minutes later she was back with our drinks and we finally ordered our food. By Canadian standards, it was pretty good, but  it's still a far cry from what they have down south. Margarita's were very well done. Unfortunately, while waiting to order our second drink, our server, a bartender, and the receptionist were dancing in the corridor to Vanilla Ice. Again, not okay. The few interactions we had with our server, she smiled excessively and tried to be our best friends. If I came here to make friends, it might be cool, but this is a business - there was a lack of professionalism from the staff and it soured my experience. Service was baaaaaad.\n\nLike I said -  food was decent, and drinks were very good.\n\nThings that the restaurant can improve upon:\n\n1. Stricter rules / training for the staff\n2. Don't charge 5 bucks for chips and salsa, with choice of either green or red salsa; the ingredients are cheap, and you are gouging the patrons. Any reputable Mexican place has chips and salsa (red and green) on the table, about a minute or so after the guests are seated. And it's complimentary. Charge $3 or $4 for the Guacamole, that's reasonable. But not $8.\n3. When I go to a Mexican joint, I want to hear Mexican music. Some Mariachi, or Vicente Fernandez would be preferable to Ice Ice Baby.\n\nThere are some good qualities in this place, and I see a lot of promise. But there has to be some progress before I can give it a higher rating.
5	Everything I could want in a Mexican restaurant. One of the rare places you can get grilled fish tacos as opposed to battered. Huge plus for that alone. The ambiance is great. Service was spot on. My whole table loved what they had. Doesn't happen often. Will definitely go back.
5	This neighbourhood is not my stomping grounds but my sister asked me to come here because she is a travelin' nurse in the west and she was waiting for an IV to arrive and killing two birds with one stone, she said: \"Let's go for lunch for your birthday.\" Which is always nice. She suggested the JUNCTION which is where she has her injection patrol so she has seen things on Dundas West and Keele that may be promising. Places she has always wanted go but hasn't because lunch is always better at home where you can nap right after. That is how early morning shift people roll.\n\nI know the east end of the city like the veins on my upper boobs so whenever I come to places like \"The Junction\" i feel like I am going to Winnipeg to meet my relatives that I have only heard about from Christmas cards from back in the day when mail arrived in paper form into that black iron box. That thing that attached to the bricks beside your front door that you have been dumping your secret cigarette butts into when you howl into the full moon on those dark nights.\n\n\"Meet me at Dundas and High Park and we'll ask Bob for a ferret,\" was her text...turns out she talks into her phone when she drives and you how that Siri has her own agenda.\n\nWe met just before noon and strolled that area of town that time forgot. There is a Gabby's and another pub and a pizza place and the rest is a surreal black and white postcard of a twisted Norman Rockwell painting that has  a noon time tattooed crack whore looking for ten cents in front of an old timey barber shoppe that sells egg creams and actual postage stamps. It's a weird stretch of a few blocks is all I am saying.\n\nSo yeah, Cantina was like an OASIS for this east end bitch who blinks not twice at a $4 donut in Leslieville. Seriously cute decor and it was open at noon as promised, none of this late start shite that happens in Winnipeg because they are in a different time zone.\n\nI ordered a chicken burrito and a Dos XX draught,my sister ordered the 3 fish tacos with NO BOOZE because she was going back to work but Monday was Sangria pitcher day...oh sadness because that would have been awesome.\n\nSo my one little trip to this west end restaurant warrants 5 stars because:\n\n1. It is the cutest restaurant in the hood. Trust. Sorry but this stretch of town is sad...I know you live here and you're all like 'The Junction! It's so awesome!\" But no. It is not. Yet, at least.  Maybe next year or several years after that. I really do  like that Junction microbrewery beer I can buy in the liquor store at Coxwell and Queen but other than that, the neighbourhood sadly barren. So far. Maybe you have some cute places to talk about, I really don't actually want to hurt your feelings, but that stretch of Dundas  West going east of High Park to Keele is despair on white bread toast...wow, I never say this but gentrify or do something already.\n\n2. Great service, lovely server. I do so wish my sister was drinking and we could have had the sangria pitcher!\n\n3. Best. Burrito. Ever.  And I am burrito fiend, this one took the cake. Concisely wrapped like a fetus of chicken, beans, and salsa with a dollop of guacamole on tip like ke the exquisite afterbirth of Salma Hayek. Perfect amount of food. The one thing that always puts me off Mexican is the abundance of shlop hat looks normal but is crazy filling because it is so condensed and then you want to barf after. My burrito looked tiny and ALMOST made me want to barf but didn't. That is a good thing.\n\n4. I did not want to share it with my sister. I wonder if she had food envy but she seemed happy with her fish tacos. But you know how sisters can play tricks on you, maybe she wanted to trade but we were pretty silent as we ate. Not that we fight or anything.\n\nWill I come back? Not without being blindfolded and gagged with your mom's pantyhose and stuffed in the trunk of your dad's Oldsmobile Delta 88, but I will beg for a Cantina location in the East End, PLEASE!
4	Went there again a couple months back.  This time the food was quite tasty.  Not authentic, but good nonetheless.  Service was prompt and attentive.  Drinks were good as well.  Will come back.
4	mmm mmm yummy mexican food. \n\nWe started off with a pitcher of sangria that was really tasty but didn't taste very alcoholic. The guac isn't the best I've ever had but it's a close second or third. The portion is good for 2 or 3 people but not nearly enough for a table of 4 or 5. We also shared the shrimp which was perfect because of the spices they used. \n\nFor my main course I got a burrito that was HUGE and I thought I wouldn't be able to finish it, but I couldn't stop eating because it was just.that.good. \n\nFor dessert we shared the churros omgggg they were so good!!! Bite sized with caramel sauce oozing out, just so amazingly perfect I want more now thinking about it. \n\nThe downside to this place was the service, the person clearing tables kept trying to clear our plates too early and even reached over me to get someone else's plate as I was eating.
4	Their hard taco shells are absolute perfection. My favourite is the short rib taco - you won't be disappointed, you have to order it! \n\nI will definitely be back to dine here again. It's on a small side but well worth any wait you may run into. My waiter was a gorgeous girl with a bald head - she's deserves recognition (not only for the fact that I had an embarrassingly intense crush on her) but because she was attentive without hovering or being too in-your-face, which is hard sometimes in a place that small. \n\nOverall, I loved all of the food (in total our table shared the fish tacos, chicken and rib) but the rib tacos with the hard shell are by far my favourite, and I can't wait to go back on the sole strength of them. \n\nEven thinking about them makes me want to go, right now.
4	Cocktails were quite original. Tried Paloma and Reposado Cidra. Delightful!! \n\nOrdered the king crab and halibut ceviche for starters. Delish!! \n\nFor mains, we had the mariscos paella burrito, squid tacos, pollo tinga tacos and beef tacos all to share. Incredible!!\n\nTo wrap up the night, we shared a churros poutine. Perfection!! \n\nOur server was very kind. The food was served momentarily after we placed the order which is great coz we were Hun-gry!! \n\nThanks for a pleasant evening, cantina!! Well done!!
2	I didn't read the reviews before going to this place for lunch . We were at the neighborhood and just went in for lunch. \n\nI liked the atmosphere and the staff were friendly but very distracted , we had to wait and wait and wave our arms around to get their attention and this is a fairly small restaurant . \n\nOrdered the cantina burritos which tasted great BUT ( and that's a big but ) this place missed the mark for very important reasons .  I've never been to a Mexican restaurant before that charged you for chips and salsa . There's usually salsa on the table and what Mexican food is served without sour cream and guacamole or something ? My burrito tasted really good but that was that . Just a sandwich on a plate no sides no nothing . \n\nSo taste was good . Service ? price ? Presentation ? Not so much
2	First time I came here --- AMAZING. Food was fantastic, service was quick.\n\nA few months after that.. I went again and wow did it go down hill quick.\nI had a 9pm reservation, but arrived 15 minutes early.. the hostess told us we would have to wait. Understandable, we were early, so we had a seat at the bar. Did anyone else notice that the drink menu pretty much doubled in price??? It was an anniversary, so we still ordered more than a few drinks. \n\n9pm rolls around... 915... tables open up and people get seated all around us. I had to chase down the hostess who then said, \"oh yeah, it got busy so you'll have to wait for a free table.\" Um.. HELLO, I have a reservation! \"OH? You do? I guess I forgot, you can sit there\" *points\n\nYeah thanks. We order some more drinks and food. The drinks arrive, and are consumed.... and time goes by. .. and more time goes by.... Our waiter comes back to check on us, \"So how was everything? Can I grab you anything else?\" ... WE HADN'T BEEN SERVED OUR FOOD YET. \n\nThank goodness I had been drinking all that time... for the staffs sake.\n\nI guess this place got too popular too quickly.
4	The atmosphere was super fun and trendy. I loved the exposed brick and the narrow but long layout. I had beef tacos and they were amazing! I'm not a fan of margaritas but I sucked one back and it was super delicious. The only thing I would say is that the service was slow and not that attentive - but the restaurant was busy and lively so it was understandable and not that big of a issue! I will go back there!
5	We happened on this place by accident and I am really pleased that we did!!  We will definitely be back!!  Though we didnt have a reservation they quickly found a nice spot for us (part of 3) and service was prompt, checking in appropriately and also did a nice job to share features of the drinks and food.  Overall, this is now our new favourite mexican food place, there might be others out there but this place just has a great feel, fun music and the food is super delicious!!  \np.s.:  the Pollo Tinga Taco was my favourite of the night but I am sure i will be able to add more to my list in future visits!  Give it a try!
4	Playa Cabana Cantina was a hit! Having been to the one on Dupont, and not being a fan, I was pleasantly surprised at the Cantina, its sister location. Food was very tasty, lively, fun and very unpretentious atmosphere, and excellent service, thanks to our server Julian. I live 3 minutes away from the Playa Cabana on Dupont, but will drive to the Junction to eat at the Cantina. Cant wait to go back!
5	Delicious food and friendly service. Sometimes it's tough to get a table but thats life.
4	BUYER BEWARE: I like this place. I like all the PC outlets. The food was awesome as usual. And the service was decent especially considering we came in a half hour before the kitchen closed. Now with that being said my guest and I left slightly unhappy. \n\nWe were drinking margaritas and each time we asked for another the bartender asked if we were okay with the same glass which was good with us. We still had drink left in each and when she poured us our new drinks  we noticed our glasses which were already partially full, were only now half filled. \nWe let it go. \n\nNext round I get one and my guests says she's good. The bartender again adds to my already partially full drink and the drink even after being filled with ice doesn't come anywhere near full and the bartender decided to top off my guests drink which seemed really nice at the time because she said she didn't want any. \n\nBill comes and we are charged for 4 drinks which made sense to us considering the bartender half filled each glass twice (one which wasn't ordered). The bartender then takes the bill back and adds 2 more drinks to it. So now we are charged for 6 drinks. In our eyes we were only served 4 by what we saw her pour and 5  if you take into account what we asked for.\n\nAgain, love PC. I'm just saying ask for a new glass and beware of what the bartender is doing. We left feeling a little scammed. I'll be back to PC again, just probably not this particular location. And I'll make sure to be more careful next time.
5	I went there for my birthday dinner last night! And everybody was absolutely amazing from food to the staff! Our server was extremely friendly and he made our time at Cantina even more fun! They all came and sang happy birthday to me with a sombrero and even a cowbell! It was great! Their crispy tacos are to die for and they have the best guac!! Amazing place!
4	I suggest making a reservation if you want to go at a busy time! They have full service bar seating, which is fine, but if you want a real table, call ahead. \n\nStarted off with amazing guacamole and homemade chips. The tacos are small (and cheap!) so we each tried a couple different flavours! They were all really yummy. \n\nAs you'd probably expect, they have a really good selection of tequila, but also have some fun mixed drinks and reasonably priced beer bucket.
5	My boyfriend and I had lunch here. The menu has items which contain gluten clearly marked, which was handy for me because I have celiac disease. The tortilla chips were fresh and their guacamole and salsa were delicious. We shared the braised short rib tacos, which were amazing. The service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere was casual. Seems like a perfect place to share some drinks and appetizers. We'll definitely be going back!!
5	So the burrito was fantastic!!! and HUGE! I had the chorizo sausage one with a fried egg on it! \nThe guacamole is super fresh and perfect with those hand-made taco chips. Definitely going to be a staple restaurant for me!
1	Beyond rude service. A surly staff member posted a cheeky response to my complaint on Facebook. The management promised publicly to send me dinner on the house along with a profuse apology. Great PR, but when I called them on it, the offered me two burritos and told me to pick them up. \n\nThey claim to offer take-out, but they never answer the phone and don't return messages. I was never rude to them even once but have been treated with a complete lack of respect. Unacceptable and completely unnecessary.
5	Wow I felt like I was in Cancun again , finally an authentic place in Toronto. Just talking about it is making me hungry. So because there was a gas leak in the kitchen yesterday the menu was limited but who cares. Service was great , my patrick swayze cocktail was refreshing and my tacos man my tacos. Mouthwatwring deliciousness I got 1 short rib and 1 pollo. I was so hungry I didnt even take a pic of my food ME !!! Shocking I know lol . My best bet to you is to park in the Green P parking lot by the NoFrills then walk back up Dundas to the restaurant unless your a lucky star and find parking on the side.
4	Made reservations for a Friday night. Our original seating was not the best as we were right by the door and the overflow of people waiting to be seated were leaning right up on our table. We asked to be shifted down to the end of the long table and were told we couldn't by the host, Which we thought was odd because there was no one seated there. We then asked our server, and without hesitation he moved us down which was perfect! \n\nThe food was very good. The guacamole was excellent! I had 2 tacos which were filling. My husband had a burrito which was fantastic! The specialty drinks were really good as well. Our server was great and obviously helpful. The menu has lots of options! \n\nAll in all we were very happy. Just make sure to make reservations, otherwise you'll be standing for a while waiting for a table.
4	Let me just start out by saying that I'm no taco-fiend nor an expert on Mexican cuisine..but my favorite dishes from Playa Cabana Cantina have got to be the guac and the quesadilla. \n\nSome points:\n1. it is extremely busy\n2. It is pretty loud for a restaurant...i would characterize it as more of a bar atmosphere just waiting to get out of hand\n3. Did i say it is really busy?\n\nWe had a reservation for 9 o'clock and were really lucky to get a table despite the long line-up and the fact that we were ten minutes late. I would say the food is tasty overall--I would come here again and again just to have a good time. I have tried Playa Cabana Hacienda, and I was glad to see the quality of the guac was still the same. \n\nI also tried the Paloma cocktail which was really good (though sweet) and the LA food truck and Pollo Tinga taco. Both were good, mildly spicy but not too overwhelming. I didn't find it as greasy as I thought it was going to be.  I think the desserts are overpriced. We tried the dulce de leche cake. The ice cream was delicious but the cake was a bit dry despite swimming in dulce de leche jus. I don't think they should be charging $10 for that. \n\nThe service was really quick and food came at lightening speed. \nOle.
2	I had high expectations, but they were quickly dashed:\n\n1) the wine list is tiny - almost non-existent, and all the beers are mass produced; not a single micro brewery, only corn-based, beer-flavoured drinks. \n\n2) I ordered the tacos and the shells were deep-fried. Too much trans fat and no fresh items to balance the plate. The portions are small and no sides are included. \n\nThere seems to be a decent concept here because the decor is cool and the atmosphere great, even on a Monday night, hence two stars. \n\nThe menus is somewhat unimaginative and the place feels more like a corporate franchise than a local, neighbourhood gem.
5	Just discovered this century randomly this weekend and I don't know if it was just because we were hungry or what but the food was amazing. \n\nFish tacos were perfect, guacamole & nachos was great and the esplanade salad ... absolutely amazing. \n\nThe ambiance is very original, cultured and cozy so it's very nice.
1	Ive been going to this restaurant for years, i recommended it to so many people because it used to be amazing. it was so good, that my colleagues used to order lunch there every friday.\nSuddenly, the portions started getting smaller, the hot sauces stopped coming with our orders, and lately the food has been less than expected.\n\nToday i decided to give it another shot and ordered some tacos via Ubereats. \nAs soon as it arrived, I opened the takeout box and saw that my guacamole was blackened- as if it had been a day old guac they had left over and just dolloped over my tacos.\nNow for kitchen standards to send that out to a customer is unacceptable. Its old guac, poor quality food being delivered. \n\nI called the restaurant immediately to complain, and the waitress or whoever answered, basically blamed the uber driver for taking to long to deliver the food, and so that was the excuse for blackened guac. No apology, nothing; basically said i needed to contact Ubereats to complain instead of the restaurant. \n\nAs a former playa cabana cantina fan, I wanted an explanation as to why the $16.00 tacos came to me with gross black guacamole, instead I got a snotty chick telling me it was someone else's fault rather than the kitchen itself.\n\nI know they changed management, but it hasn't been for the better, because everything that was good about this place has just deteriorated. \n\nI really hope they step up their game, and treat customers better than they have lately, especially when it concerns the quality of food that we as customers are paying for, and expecting better quality.
2	The food was good but not worth the price. The service was dull and non-engaging. Aside from the hipsters the atmosphere was great. I wont go back nor recommend. \n\nA tv would be nice as its World Cup
4	I really enjoy this place !!!!   The Food and atmosphere are awesome. The only downside is they are expensive  but it's still worth the splurge once and awhile
2	The food is OK, nothing drop dead spectacular (though I remember the fish tacos were tasty). Service was spotty - we got a lot of attention and then none at all. Loud, busy, long wait for tables. I am soured that our pitcher of mojitos was so watered down and full of excess ice, I think they forgot the rum - which is a surefire way to make me pass on the place again. I wish Yelp allowed half stars... this is a 2.5* in my books but I'm rounding down because watered down drinks is a sin.
4	BBQ is very nice, especially seekh kabaab and paratha are quite authentic, Behari kabaabs are as behari as it could get (coming from someone with lots of behari friends). Chicken Karahi is very good too, the portions are a bit small, food is a lil pricey but definitely worth the money. Weekends can be quite busy, so get there early.
4	Halal food. \n\nWent here a while back and just remembered to yelp it. My family still visits this place. Must say, the service was one of those memorable moments for me. When we went, they were very friendly. The food is great tasting and a bit on the spicy side but that's not that bad. The only thing I would say is that the portions are a bit small for the price. Otherwise, thumbs up!
4	Amazing food but very small portions, parhatas are the best. Do try their Behari Kebabs with parhatas.
4	i think this is the only Pakistani restaurant which serves decent food the only thing is it is a bit expensive
5	With some of the best BBQ food in the GTA, Cafe de Khan is exactly the Pakistani restaurant that Mississauga has been lacking for quite some time now.\n\nWhile i was born in Canada, my family was born and raised in Pakistan.  We rarely look forward to going out for Pakistani food...i mean why would you go out when you can make better at home right?  WRONG!!!\n\nWhile some of their other menu options like their butter chicken were nothing to rave about, the kebabs here may quite possibly change your life!  In all honesty, pretty much everything we've tried off the grill has been worth bragging about.  I highly recommend the kebabs (ground beef skewers), the bihari boti (BBQ beef cubes - tender to the point that they will melt in your mouth), chicken tikka, and the matka ghost (lamb cooked in a clay pot with fresh herbs...a must try!).\n\nWhat really differentiates this place from all others is their bread options.  While their naan is fresh out of their in-house tandoor (never frozen...made fresh to order and fantastic!), the parathas are superb with anything off the grill.  Parathas are like fried tortillas...thin, soft, buttered to death and sooo tasty that you know your stomach will hurt for the rest of the day.  While i recommend the parathas for things off the grill, i also recommend getting a couple naans if you are in a large group or particularly with any dish that has a gravy or is stew like (ie. not off the grill).  \n\nWith a genuinely nice owner, a clean environment, and great prices for such superb food...Cafe de Khan is the reason you want to pack your bags and make the road trip to heartland!  \n\nplease note: all food prepared here is certified halal.
2	This place had terrible service. Their food was overpriced and not that good for the most part. I think I did like their kababs and the naans/parathas.
2	Ordered the chicken and mutton biryanis \n\nBoth lacked the flavour. Seems the Chicken and mutton pieces were just thrown without cooking in the biryani
5	Best bihari paratha roll in town! Amazing and fast service too. Love the place and the food.
5	Newly opened.  Clean. And delicious food.  I am just visiting and happen to stop by.  Pleasantly surprised.
2	The food is good, but the price is high and the portions, as others have noted are very small.  It's unfortunate that they don't give you more.  It is as if they are serving kids size portions for adults.  If you aren't that hungry or don't each much, its great. But if you eat like an average Canadian, you won't be satisfied. With the Pakistani population what it is in Mississauga its unfortunate we don't have better dining options.
1	Hugely disappointing and overpriced. \n\nReading these reviews, I recommended this place to my friends, and wish I hadn't. First, the menu prices advertised on their website are incorrect - just about everything was a dollar more. \n\nOur server, a relatively nice fella, was easily distracted which resulted in pitiful service. And our order got cocked up.\n\nI ordered the Chicken Tikka Qtr Leg and Kebab combo, asking for parathas and NO rice. I got rice - lots of it, soaking in oil. And one kebab the size of a crayon. My friend ordered the Malai Tikka and Kebab combo, which came with a salad that consisted of cut up cucumbers, onion and lettuce carelessly scattered on the plate, and covered with some sort of sweet-tasting sauce. Odd.\n\n$45+tip later we left and walked over to Silver Spoon to order a takeaway biryani.\n\nThe establishment itself was clean and busy, but the food portions and taste was not worth the money.
5	Easily my favourite Pakistani restaurant, especially in Mississauga. While BBQ is a mainstay at most restaurants (and theirs is amazing - kebabs and tandoori chicken on the bone being highlights) their karaahis are incredible. My brother in law travels from the States just salivating over the Matka Gosht. Though we grab takeout from time to time because of the rush (portions are still big and everything stays closed because they wrap it tight), I love eating there because the service is always warm and friendly. \n\nI know I've been going since they opened and upon wishing that they'd open a second location (downtown folks!) I realized I'd have to share the brilliance of this place after all.
5	delicious desi food , lamb karahi was outstanding !!!! Better than many restaturants in karachi !
5	My favourite Pakistani/Indian restaurant in GTA.  It's worth the drive to Mississauga even if you are in Ajax to come to this place.  They have the best Bihari Kabab, Peshawari Kabab, Karahi dishes and over all dishes I've tried (which is almost all of them) are super delicious and mouth watering.  It's a little small, so, it's always a good idea to call and make sure they are not busy before going - as it's quite popular and there is often a wait, especially on weekends.  That alone tells you that this is a great place :)
4	Price and quality of sashimi was well worth it.  Fish was very fresh.  If you come here you HAVE to get the sashimi!!!  If I was in the Richmond Hill, Aurora, or Newmarket area I would definitely come here for some sashimi.  Service was good.  Waitress always made sure ur tea cup was full.  Roll was decent nothing special. Roll was big with lots of cucumbers in it.  Fois gras unagi pressed sushi was nothing special (mostly unagi with a little bit of fois gras).  The rice for the sushi & roll kept falling apart.  So the rice doesn't stay together very well.  Once a lift up the sushi half the rice falls off.  Very clean bathrooms.  Overall pretty good experience.  Would return.\n\nSashimi 5/5\nSushi 3.3/5\nRoll 3.8/5\nEnvironment 5/5\nService 5/5
5	fresh food with good service\uff01I like the rolls and beef udon, reasonable price with 25% off dine in. Will come back for sure!
5	First time at this place and service was definitely on point. Felt very welcomed and didn't wait long for our food at all. The place is clean and simple, kinda small I wouldn't bring 20 people for a party because you wouldn't fit inside, but definitely a nice place for an intimate lunch or dinner. \n\nI ordered the spicy salmon maki roll which was amazing! The Ramen I didn't go crazy for but a great choice. I don't usually drink miso soup but there miso soup was great and clean washrooms! \n\nThe menus were easy to read and there was a lunch menu which I loved to see, there's options you can choose from. Boxes or a la carte sushi\n\nMy overall experience was an amazing one. Had nothing negative to say about this place and will come back next weekend.
1	Please listen to the 1 or 2 stars reviews, I didn't, so here it is 1 star. It was a very hot day, and craving for Japanese food, not whole lot options in aurora area. I ordered sashimi dinner and spicy scallops maki roll. \n\nSashimi diner: The fish wasn't good at all, tasteless, mushy, gross. I had couple pieces that's it. \nSpicy scallops: it was okay, covered a lot of spicy mayo. I will eat anything with mayo. \n\nThe scary part is I had volleyball practice hour later, I was worrying I might get sick, imagine myself throw up in the gym or worse (you got the picture) thank god I was okay. Had a good time :) \n\nBesides my own craziness worried about food poisoning, this place was okay. \np.s. is dog allowed in the restaurant? Someone brought a dog ( not a service dog ) with them.
4	Damn...this is another case of personal greed.  I don't want to write about this place because it's like a block away from my house and I want it all to myself!  They just opened a few weeks ago and it's the real deal.  The ramen is up there with the best I've ever had.  The broth is outstanding and that's half the battle.  The sushi was very good too.  If I'm going to nitpick, the sushi rice was a tad mushy, but the quality is still top notch.  The tuna tataki was good, but missing maybe a citrus note and a bit more of a salty edge to make it great.  Overall, we'll totally be back...good service, decent prices and really, really good food.  Can't wait to try other stuff off the menu...like the tip says, they are in \"soft opening\" phase for dinner...so 25% off right now on dine-in.
2	The sushi was bland and made with low cost materials. We don't understand why it can be priced at this range. We had a maki set and sushi set and God, we would rather have eaten from mall/grocery store sushi booth. There is better sushi joint in Aurora. We won't go back.
1	They dont open on time. And the guy was rude. We came in 4 mins past 11 and the man didnt even let us sit down. Just promptly told us they arnt open. If your not open why is the door unlocked? Why does it say open at 11 when no one is ready? How come you didnt let us take a seat and wait?\n\nDisappointing.
2	There was way too much rice on all the rolls and the pressed sushi. The sushi boats are quite expensive considering how much fish you get. If I want sushi again in Autora, I would rather go down the street to Mi-Ne
5	Everything in this restaurant is made from scratch in house!! I love it!! When they said home made bread I never would've thought it would be soo good! The coffee is beautifully made along with the beautifully made food! What could be better than that!!
1	Guarantee the good reviews on here are fake/solicited. The theme is like adults decided to live out a childhood fantasy.. It just doesn't make any sense. Creativity and imagination can be a beautiful thing but in this case it is just plain bizarre. \nBetween the poor ambience and food quality, this place is surely losing money and will be out of business soon.
5	This is a beautifully decorated coffee shop. I've always wanted to find a homey cafe to study and this is it! The chairs, tables, and decor is comfortable and grand. The waiters and waitresses are kind and approachable people! I also love the coffee here. It's delicious and creamy. This is the perfect place to study with no pressure to have to order anything more than a brew to sustain the long study hours.
4	I usually do not stay motivated doing work at home and like to go to different cafes or coffee shops to do it. The environment of D' coffee shop was nice and relaxing. Their chairs are comfy and they have ample seating. Their wifi worked great and they were very attentive. \n\nI ordered the vanilla mint mocha and it tasted great. \n\nI would love to see a larger selection of specialty coffees though.
5	Had the greatest time with you! Brought my Mom in to enjoy music from Joe Darro Quartet. Did not disappoint, and we will be back.  Food and coffee are outta this world! Priced just right for the atmosphere.
5	Stumbled in here while the wife took the kids to the kids pay area in the same parking lot. Awesome atmosphere, great coffee. Wish I had grabbed a bite to eat to see how the grub is. A great place to just sit and relax.
5	This place is so cute! Love the food first of all...I've had brunch here twice already in just the last week. The omelette is delicious, and the French toast is out of this world. Probably because they make their own bread in their kitchen! The decor is really cute too and the people here are really nice. I'm so glad this place opened up in my neighborhood. I can't wait to try them for dinner next time!
5	I love this place. I can spend hours there! The decor reminds me of Alice in Wonderland. Clocks everywhere but don't tell time so it's easy to lose yourself in the moment. Mix and match chairs but compliment each other perfectly...and most important,comfortable. We had the Batista come to our table to answer our questions and explain each coffee drink on their menu...and brought our drinks out himself. We were there for breakfast one day and lunch another. Food has great presentation and excellent flavor. I only wish there were more options to the breakfast menu but I was able to find something I enjoyed from what was on the menu that day. The service was great as well. As a local I can recommend to my family and friends. I hope tourists that visit us in Vegas will come and engoy this gem as well.\n\nP.S \nAlcoholic beverages coming soon!
5	What a beautiful restaurant !!! The service was excellent...  They were very happy to help me understand the VEGAN options available on the menu... We will come back soon.
2	Is this place new? Lot's of issues: service menu offerings just to name of few. Great concept, love the coffee lockers, but I think their execution is sorely lacking. If their rent is cheap enough maybe they can hang on and work out the kinks.
1	Severely disappointing. \n\nFirst off, let me start by saying that we should have turned around upon spotting their 'B' rating from the health inspector. \n\nThe decor can only be described as unnecessary and tryhard. It looks as if a middle aged rich housewife had some sort of crisis and decided to open a business. But we decided to put the decor on the back burner because why judge a restaurant on decor alone? \n\nThe food is a different story. I'm incredibly confused at the number of positive reviews of this place. \n\nI ordered an iced coffee and my partner ordered the house brew. My iced coffee tasted like it was sitting in the back of a dirty fridge for a few days and the house brew just tasted like burned gas station coffee. Also, I'm pretty sure the creamer they used was off. \n\nThe soup came about 35 minutes after we ordered. It was bland and tasted almost like a canned soup. I'm not actually sure what the soup I received was called, because our server wasn't actually the server, but the barista. \n\nAlmost 40 minutes after the soup was served, our meal showed up. I ordered the ham and Swiss sandwich and my partner ordered the pasta primavera. My sandwich was literally a cheap store bought hamburger bun, one slice of Swiss cheese, and some prepackaged lunch meat. Also my sandwich was COLD?! \n\nMy partners meal was just as disappointing. The vegetables for the primavera were absolutely the same frozen, bagged kind that you receive in hospital meals. The pasta was severely undercooked, cold and the sauce had absolutely no seasoning whatsoever. \n\nUltimately, I will never set foot in this place again. It's insulting that this place would charge these prices for a hospital or school quality lunch. Honestly, the name of the place should have warned me. \"D'coffee shop\" really? How stupid.
5	I must say this is a very lovely and peaceful place to enjoy a variety of wonderful exotic coffees and teas - whatever suits your taste-buds that particular day.  The food is so carefully and well prepared, you will smile with every bite.  It is truly a pleasure to dine there.  The waiters and waitresses make sure your dining experience is Beautiful - \"Cozy\" is my description.  The music is so beautifully arranged. I enjoyed myself to the utmost.
5	Wonderful new coffee house with a fresh and fancy design. It has great background music that goes well with a homey environment that seems to really promote good conversation. It's just a beautiful place to be. So far, everyone I bring here loves this coffee shop. It's  also going to be the set of their new tv show btw. \nTheir drinks are unique and their food is great too :)\nI would definitely recommend this place to any cafe goer!
5	Coffee is delicious and the employees are very nice. Nice patio for when the weather is good. Back again today to try more coffee and food!
5	Breakfast here was amazing! I would come back for the homemade toast alone. The wait staff was very kind and the prices are unexpectedly low. I will definitely return with friends.
1	Just so people know reading this review I didn't want to give this business one star.  They don't deserve but Yelp gave me no choice to hit only one star.  Anyways, we went to eat here because the sign says it is the \"best kabob\".  The only problem about the sign outside is that their sign is completely wrong and I cannot believe they will make this claim about their food.  I'm sure the coffee is better but me and my wife did not try the other food or drinks.  How can you suggest to recook the beef kabob if they didn't cook throughly?  They did take one of the kabob off the bill but we just paid and left, because this is ridiculous business.  I would read reviews of people who have went there before going here, because you would not want to go here for sure.  We left to a different restaurant that has \"The Best Kabobs\" in Las Vegas.  I'm sure if you been there you would know their name and location.  Otherwise of you don't know the place and never been stay away from here.  Message me for the name of that Best Kabob place to save your money, time and stomach from aching later on.  I would suggest they go another restaurant to take their business or close down the food area.  But this is the choice of the business and that's my opinion.  Good luck and I hope you make an effort to do something or save yourself from bankruptcy.  Don't expect us to come back ever again.
4	I highly recommend the Maple Caramel Latte! OMG! The teas here are incredible...floral scents that make you think of vacation! The hot falafel are creamy inside! Try the kabobs they are wonderful.
1	Ordered tru grubhub but never received my order, the DD coffee shop have been having issues with technology for months. Would not try to order again, there are way better restaurants around the block which actually care for Online customers! -2stars -
5	My first time there was AWSOME! The owners and there dog was so sweet. I love the theme and look and just the vine of the whole cafe as well was the food is AWSOME and very reasonable. My waiter was so great as well, she talked to us and gave us advice and motivated us to never give up and keep pushing an to never listen to what others say. She felt like a really good friend that I haven't seen in Forever by the way she was talking she was great and so friendly!
1	Only thing I like about this place is the waitress Felicia. 5 stars for Felicia and 0 stars for the restaraunt, lounge, coffee shop , whatever that place is. That place is going down as the multiple owners do not know what to do with it. On top of that, the place is ALWAYS empty. Not worth the drive you are much better off going to Fremont. I witnessed bad reviews from customers myself the time I was there. They did not like the food nor the vibe that they ended up getting all the food for free, \"on the house\". I bet half of these other reviews are fake accounts/ profiles leaving supposed good reviews. But think about out look how many reviews are on this place it looks like from the reviews you read here were made up. Please save the drive to this place you are going to have the most boring time of your life.
5	I accidentally stumbled upon not just great food, but a great experience. D' Coffee Shop is a restaurant and lounge like none other. And if you take the time to look around at the decor you'll find yourself transported to a place that seems like the perfect setting for a book. Turns out, you wouldn't be too far off your mark.\n\nAs I enjoyed my amazing meal recommend by the waiter I found myself at a bit of a loss. The decorations held much more character than I usually experience. And then for no apparent reason my eye would catch on random, seemingly out of place, objects. Well, in some cases, radically out of place objects. As I ate in wonder I couldn't help but ask my waiter what this and that object was, because there was no way it was done by accident. To my absolute delight I discovered it most certainly was not an accident. Turns out that this very restaurant is going to be the back drop to a new TV series soon to be aired. The title of the series shares that with the name of the restaurant. This turned my meal into an immediate adventure.\n\nNot only that, but you'll find a most accommodating staff. Thus restaurant just opened so take advantage of it while you can. Enjoy a good meal and check out their wide variety of coffee. \n\nYou'll have a good time.
1	Disclaimer.. This place is new and has a lot of issues to work out...\n\nOkay, heres the deal.. I went to this place on recommendation of another business, as i was looking for a location to hold monthly meetings. I was looking both on behalf of a Fortune 100 company as well as a local 501C3..\nI saw their facebook page, and thought the restaurant looked rather inviting.\n\nOur business associate planned to meet us there and alerted the manager to our meeting. \n\nWe arrive at 9am\n\nEMPTY.  We thought they were closed...\n\nAt first impression, the  restaurant is warm, inviting and very eclectic..\nSo we had high hopes. \n\nThat was the end of the positive experience. The manager had stepped out... And was not there  for our meeting. She showed up later.\n\nThe service.. Very slow.. The wait staff are novices that probably have never served before.. Ever. They couldn't get orders right, as they didn't listen attentively. This was an ongoing issue.\nAfter a considerable amount of time, out comes 3 of 4 orders. We wait...\nAnd wait. Order 4 comes out wrong.. And is sent back.. We wait.\nIt comes out, and is still wrong. All the food is cold.\nI ordered  a cheese bacon and sausage omelette, side of crispy bacon.\nI got an overcooked egg \" pancake \" folder over with undercooked bacon\nAnd sausage, no cheese. The crisp side of bacon was limp and undercooked.\nIts as if this was the cooks first gig ever after graduating automotive school.  AND  they said HE is going to train the new cook.\n\nIf you go for ONLY coffee and a nice atmosphere, you might be OK. Its hard to screw up coffee.. But then again..\nThey an to open at night as a \" Persian \" restaurant. Maybe they will fare better although they have an identity crisis. I will never know as i don't plan to repeat the experience..  You can have a more satisfying experience  with  an egg McMuffin at MacDonalds.. \n\nThe manager finally showed up for the meeting and talked to us as our food turned cold..where is the quality control ?\n\nAs I wrote on the beginning.. They are new.. So if they get their act together as a wait staff, find a good cook, get some semblance of quality control at the pass, it may turn out to be a viable spot.\n\nThere is one review I read that was a 1 Star.. That guy was dead-on right.\nI would question the validity of the other reviews.\nSo D Coffee Shop. \nWE will not be bringing business to you. We shared a lot of ideas, and I did tell you 1 Star in person..please take the feedback, otherwise your restaurant will join the others in that area to shutter quickly.
2	Like others have said before I have two main complaints about this place. The service is ridiculously slow and the quality of the food isn't up to par. They seem to go back and forth between a bunch of different ideas. Are they a gourmet coffee shop? A fine dining restaurant? A diner? They need to settle on one thing at least until they become good at it since bouncing all over the place and doing a little bit of everything but being mediocre at all of it. Food is not good, coffee is actually decent but service SO slow
5	This was my first time here and all I can say is DELICIOUS! My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed or meal. \n\nWe started with the hot tea! Very good!\n\nNext we had the pita and hummus song with the salad shirazi! They give you plenty of pita to go with their delicious hummus. The salad was very flavorful. My husband normally doesn't eat cucumbers and he dipped in the bowl a few times. \n\nI ordered the chicken barg. The chicken was very tender. I barely needed a knife to cut it. Cooked thoroughly and great flavor. My husband ordered the Barg and it was very tender and juicy. Not over cooked, not under cooked. \n\nThey atmosphere is very comfortable and relaxing. Nice soft music playing in the background and quiet voices murmuring around the room. \n\nWe had a great date night with great food!
1	This place is horrible. First of all it's way too busy. Who designed this place? It's a mess. The staff were all over the place a lot of unprofessionalism was apparent. The food took for ever, and when I finally got the Seafood Cioppino it was disgusting. The clams were over cooked and the sauce made my stomach ache. Who ever made that recipe needs to go back to the drawing board. The menu is all over the place. I love options but wow, an American Persian coffee shop. No thank you to the food, the staff, of the sorry T.V. show that no one watches. #backtostarbucks
1	Had friends that went here and had great coffee. I took a friend just now. Our waitress didn't know what type of pastries they had,  didn't seem to want to give us any info on the place as we stated this was our first time and the coffee from the French press was horrible, and the rice pudding had to be sent back because it was unlike any rice pudding we've ever had. I never have a problem paying for a good cup of coffee for ambience and good conversation the interior is wonderful but the service and the menu left a lot to be desired. I was so disappointed.
4	The mismatched tables and chairs with several coffee cups, teacups, teapots, and clocks as decor make this place sparkle with a subtle Alice in Wonderland in an antiques store vibe- fittingly, it's also quiet and perfect for studying!\n\nI initially popped in for coffee, surprised to see a variety of specialty beverages. My Islander Latte (with rich coconut flavor!) was impressive enough to prompt me to order food. The Texas Scramble was tasty with marinated roma tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms, served with perfectly-crispy potatoes. My guy's Belgian waffle with fresh fruit was flawless.\n\nI returned for lunch, and was thrown off by the Mediterranean menu of kabob plates and appetizers. I ordered a trio of snacks and was pleasantly surprised by the chicken-potato salad (similar to a Russian oliviet), a fresh Shirazi salad, and a savory eggplant-garlic dip, all served with plenty of pita.\n\nAs for service, Felicia was super sweet, and dishes came out with appropriate pacing. Atmosphere is whimsical yet relaxed, and staff had no issue with me lingering over some work for a couple of hours. Good spot to get some work done!
1	This is an added review to one I posted before.    This is no longer a new Place. It is  not good.  It's Just a  mess.   Coffee place doesn't open early.  I tried it again to be fair    worse than before.   Just don't bother.     Original  ........  I have a home near here for the winter - I was hoping this new place would be better than the two last places that were there.  Don't Bother - tried to fro CES Convention - they don't take reservations W.T.H. NO BAR\nToo Slow\nToo Loud\nSilly concept\nDon't even ask about the live music - ouch\nFood is good if you have all night to wait - not good for business dinners!!!!
5	Very cool atmosphere. And the food/coffee is amazing. \nWhen you are here you feel like you are part of something special, unique and authentic.\nEspecially if you are looking for something different from the same old played out Starbucks type vibe.\nOh and the belly dancing? ...........AMAZING!!!!INCREDIBLE!!!!! And if you don't understand that it means I loved it !!!!!\nHIGHLY RECOMMEND
1	It is so sad that after loosing their cook, their floor manager, and their customers they are struggling to keep it open. I am predicting that soon they will close it down for good. They cannot survive with substandard food.
4	Choices of coffee is wonderful. Service is okay. The ambiance is dark and very different. I highly recommend giving their Falafal a try.
5	This is a brand new restaurant in the SW part of Las Vegas. It's located on Durango, between Peace Way, and Flamingo Road. Based off of a Made For TV, movie with the same name.\n\nWe had a get together to In my moms honor, on the 5th anniversary of her passing. The experience was perfect! \n\nThe manager took the time on his day off, to meet with us prior to the event. He was able to give us great suggestions to set up the food. He went above and beyond to make everything perfect for us. \n\nThe ambiance was very nice. The decorations make you feel like you're inside a coffee shop in Europe. \n\nThey provide a wide variety of coffee and tea, as well as a very diverse menu.\n\nThe quality and taste of the food was First Class. \n\nThe service was good. The only thing I'd have suggested, is instead of just dropping off pitchers of water, he should have taken drink orders.\n\nThe price is very reasonable, if everyone in our party would have ordered a couple appetizers, main course, drinks, dessert, and a coffee or tea, it could have easily been double from what we were charged. \n\nI highly recommend this restaurant. I will also go back on a weekly basis
5	What a treat the D'Coffeeshop was to entertain my girlfriend at. We do love our coffee, and the in house Barista's out did themselves.\nWhen given the usual, \"surprise me\" answer to what I might enjoy to drink, Erica my waitress was perfect.\nShe came back with a delicious, cr\u00e8me brul\u00e9   (bubbled top) mug of deliciousness. What a treat it was.\nWe lounged on their grand, over sized, wonderfully stuffed leather chairs and chatted about our day.\nThe sweet linger of the light jazz echoed softly through the restaurant, it made me smile. They have a lovely fire place (digitally) but between the welcome warmth and high definition sound of the crackle of the fire, I couldn't tell the difference.\nIt was nice to be somewhere that made me want to kick up my feet and relax with a book.\nI didn't eat on this visit, but the menu is to die for and I look forward to letting you know what I think.\nCome down yourself, feel the gentle ambience sooth your busy day away...
5	I love this place!!! They have great pizza and the people are really nice!
5	I find it hard to believe no one has rated 2 Men and A Pizza yet! We gave it five stars because the pizza was fresh tasting, prepared on time and close to home!\n\nThe taste was one of the best we've had so far in the valley. Very friendly staff from the time I placed the order until I walked out the door with our pizza. \n\nMamma Mia on Indian School is comparable to 2 Men...try them both!
4	Fabulous pizza and only 6 bucks for a large cheese?!?!?! I love this place.
4	When you first walk in you can't help but notice how small the place is.  A few tables set up, a large television set to ESPN (I love it!), and a menu that pretty much takes up the entire wall.  Upon first look this place seems to be only a pizza place, but oh no, it is indeed so much more.\n\nTheir menu selection is HUGE!  Appetizers, Wings, Salads, Gourmet Pizzas, the whole shebang!  I wanted to order the Chili Cheese Dog Pizza, but couldn't convince the rest of my party to go along with it, so we went the safe route with a BBQ Chicken Pizza.  \n\nThe food took a normal amount of time to cook.  The aesthetics of the place were subtle and unassuming.  I was really surprised to see a tray full of women's personal items in the restroom.  That seems pretty nice to women who may be unprepared.\n\nThe food was served hot on rinky-dink paper plates, and overall it was really good.  \n\nI docked a star purely for the paper plates and lack of proper eating utensils.  I also docked the star for the box of Capri's that were sticking out of the employees apron as she walked throughout the pizza place after, obviously, coming back from a cigarette break.  Put the cigs away after your break, not in your apron pocket.\n\nIf you're in the area I do recommend checking this place out.  And I strongly recommend the Chili Cheese Dog Pizza.  I may not have gotten it but some guys who came in after us did, and between the way it smelled and the look on their faces while completely indulging themselves I'd say it's a big hit!
5	I went there with my family, and all of us loved it. It's simple, nice, and the service is very friendly and polite. The ambiance is good and the music in background is very appropriate and beautiful. Remember that their dishes are prepared without any MSG, witch is a big \"well done\"! Maybe that's why the previous review said that is wasn't extra-tasty. We are used to super-tasty-chanease-fake food, lol.\nI recommend it to everyone. The portions are great too. We couldn't finish and took it for home.\nTry the sweet potato chips :)
5	Excellent tasting food, good variety, very sweet service. I would recommend this place in a flash to all vegetarians & non vege's too. The restaurAnt is clean, cozy, and situated in a good location. The price is pretty affordable, approx 20$/person.
4	Came here with a vegetarian friend who has major allergies to an array of ingredients. The server was very helpful and patient in trying to accommodate her. I had the vegetable noodle soup, which was huge and filling, full of good veggies (including a chunk of corn cob). I would definitely return.
2	I don't get what the fuss is about, and I am disappointed in the previous reviewers for steering us here. My partner is vegetarian and I am mostly vegetarian, and we needed some yummy veg food in the sea of smoked meat and poutine that is Montreal. We came here based on these reviews and left scratching our heads.\n\nWe had the asparagus rolls, which are like sushi without rice. They were perfectly *fine* but absolutely nothing special and nothing worth $8.50. We also had the dumplings. Again, totally fine but not worth the $8 or so cost. Nothing at all special. We had the highly recommended wheat chunks in pepper sauce, and it straddled the line between boring, creepy, and gross. I could barely taste the pepper too. And we had a sticky bun, the curry one. That was maybe the one decent thing that was unique and special and worth its price tag. We laid down a lot of dough on these 4 items only to be mostly disappointed. The place is cute, and the owners/servers seem sweet, but they really need to step up their game to be special.
5	I was slightly worried when we arrived at 6:30 and were the only customers, but they turned out to be completely unfounded.\n\nAs a family of four vegetarians it was a rare treat to be able to order anything on a menu at an asian restaurant -- especially the wonton's and sticky buns that are nearly impossible to find vegetarian.\n\nThe waitress was prompt, conscientious, and helpful, and the food, oh the food.  Everything we ordered was delicious, well balanced, and left us feeling energized and satisfied.\n\nThe curry buns were particularly good (I ordered a second one instead of dessert) and a must have for anyone who likes samosas.\n\nWhen the bill came I was shocked by how low it was, having each ordered appetizers, soup, a main course and tea the bill was still under $20 per person.\n\nThis place is a hidden gem, \n\nBon Appetit!
4	Sweet little place on Rachel that I went to for a bizniss lunch one day. Alexia and I talked seriously about Augusto Boal and theatre in Montreal while munching on the various tiny cute offerings of the lunch buffet.\n\nSmall but staked with 2 kinds of soup: miso and sweet and sour. I had the miso - well made tasty broth filled with tiny tofu cubes and sprouts. Alexia went straight for the buffet mains and I kept looking enviously at her plate filled with sushi, tempura sweet potato, stir-fried veggies and hot and cold noodle dishes. I went up and asked if the batter used on the tempura had eggs and was assured that everything on the lunch buffet is totally vegan. Neat! \n\nI had slices of pineapple for desert.\n\nThis place might not be the most outstandously scrumptious dining experience, but whatev. It's a really cheep buffet that's got yumps in spade and is super close to St Denis theatre and shopping action. Check it out!
2	Really disappointed by this place. I'm a vegetarian who loves Chinese food, so I had high hopes. We got the General Tao Tofu and a vermicelli dish, and both were not good. The sauces weren't tasty and the tofu wasn't the best either. It was about $30-35 for a meal that was pretty meh. It's too bad, because it's a good location and the owners seem really nice, but the food just wasn't worth it.
5	Great vegetarian/vegan restaurant!! A must try, and a shame it's not more crowded! I came with 2 friends and we ordered a massive full of plates...ohwell, it was totally worth it. We ordered fried dumplings, sweet potato fries with home powder, kappa rolls, curry bun, wontons with chili oil, pumpkin hot pot and 2 other dishes my friends ordered as well but I unfortunately do not remember the names.\n\nThe sweet potato fries are to DIE for, they are really sweet which surprised me as to why it was in the appetizer section. Should have been in the dessert area! The kappa rolls tasted really amazing...best kappa rolls ever. My friend and I suspected it wasn't sushi rice but another. My pumpkin hot pot was delicious, the broth was simply amazing. It came with veggie ham, tofu, veggies etc. YUM. \n\nI give this place 5 stars for its amazing food but also amazing service. The waitress was very honest to us, suggesting we order only one serving of rice instead of two. She said it was better to order another one only after we feel like we're still hungry. Why did this surprise me? I feel most waiters would push to make the bill higher by encouraging 2 bowls of rice for 2 people. \n\nReally, this place needs more recognition because it's quite good!!
4	Discovered this place with my mom, it will definitely be one of our favorites! 100% vegetarian, awesome service, and close to my mother's house, not too expensive as well.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant. So happy that I discovered it. So many delicious choices on the menu. Everything we ordered was fantastic. Also great for non-vegetarians who are sure not to miss not having meat. Will definitely return soon. Very friendly service.
5	Don't let the awkward clinical name scare you - get the crispy wheat chunks in black pepper sauce. They're so good my wife and I had to order a second plate!
4	Delicious vegetarian Taiwanese food you won't find anywhere else in the city.  We love their hot and soup soup, sweet potato fries, crispy seaweed and many other dishes.  The buffet lunch is generous and varied, but our new favourite time to go is on Saturday afternoons for their interesting assortment of dim sums.  Smoked tofu bun and curried buns as well as deep-fried radish cakes are our favourite there.  They also have delicious and fresh bubble tea with tapioca balls in the summer.
2	So much deep fried food,what you leave out to ensure \"healthful\" eating,you'll more than make up for in grease. Sort of defeats the purpose of \"health food\",I would think. The hot & sour soup smelled wonderful,so I ordered it, it just tasted sour. The General Tao tofu was neither spicy nor sweet, and the tofu mushy. Service was very polite but slow,as there is only one server on staff. It was a very muggy day as well, and we were sweating buckets as there is NO AC. Overall;no biggie, and I was not impressed.
4	A nice vegetarian place serving good Asian cuisine, honest and not pretentious. A good place to go.
2	So disappointing.  Hubby and I drove all the way here from Ottawa for my birthday dinner. I was really excited because after living in Vancouver in close proximity to amazing vegan Vietnamese/Chinese restaurants, I had been looking for a similar experience in the Ottawa/Montreal area for almost two years.  \nWe tried several dishes, each more disappointing than the next.  The dishes were served at slightly warmer than room temperature.  The ones that were supposed to be fried and crispy came out extremely oily and mushy.  Aside from improper cooking technique (likely quickly pan fried or microwaved), there was absolutely no flavour, other than oil.  The main dishes were bland and lacking in flavour.  The portion sizes were okay.  It hurt to pay so much for such a disappointing experience and then drive all the way back to Ottawa.
1	The waiter we got was drunk for one thing. For the other he treated my group of people terribly. He saw us as mouth breathing Americans and even told me,\"Sorry we don't have any burgers or hot dogs!\" We left shortly afterwards. I would not recommend this place for anyone.
5	As tourists from Illinois our large group of 10 people wasn't sure we could find a restaurant with Montreal flavor, a reasonable price, good food, and able to accommodate our large group.  Happily we gave Le Paris a try based on good reviews and we were soooo happy we did.  We were  made to feel at home immediately and that warmth lasted through the evening.  The food was delicious, was served to our group all at the same time and was as authentically French as other reviewers have said.  We left feeling as if we had had the most intimate dinner in a French home.  If you are in Montreal, don't miss this gem!
4	I don't live in Montreal, but had recently visited for a week.  Before I had lived in France for a year, and have had French food all over France, and also here back home in San Francisco.  I have to say Le Paris was my quintessential French culinary experience in Montreal.\n\nLe Paris represents what Montreal is all about for me --- France without the pretentiousness.  I say that for several reasons.  First, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Unlike your typical rude and arrogant waitstaff in a Parisian restaurant, the staff here is willing to speak in English, and they are patient when it comes explaining things on the menu, and may even engage you in a conversation about the food or what not.  Second, the prices are much more affordable than in France.  A nice three course meal, which includes an entree (which in French means the appetizer), the plat principal (the main course), and dessert, can be had for around $25, which is unthinkable for Paris or San Francisco, for the kind of quality you get here.  \n\nThe food is classic French, leaning more towards southern country cooking, with a focus on hearty and rich ingredients, like red meats and animal organs.  Many of the dishes are stewed or braised in herbs and wine, which is typical of provincial cooking.  Some of these classic dishes include Poule au Pot (chicken braised in broth sauce), Beef Bourguinon (beef stew in red wine sauce), which are all offered on the menu here.  \n\nI ate there twice during my visit.  I had a number of things but I will describe the best dish that I had, which was Magret de Canard (duck breast).  For those of you unfamilar with this dish, it is similar in some way to steak.  The duck breast is either seared in a frying pan, or broiled in the oven, or often both, and then finished with a reduction sauce made from its juices and red wine.  It's not as easy as it sounds, because the duck breast is leaner, and thus tougher than many cuts of steak, so if not prepared correctly, can come out tough, which was often the case in the couple other occassions when I had it (in restaurants in France mind you).  \n\nSo I was met with a bit of trepidation when I saw the meat presented on my plat pre-cut, which means the chef had already sliced the meat into pieces, instead of presenting it as a whole breast with cut marks on the top, which is the customary way in France.  My concern was that the meat had lost a lot of its natural juices by being pre-cut.  But one bite into it had totally put me at ease.  The meat was juicy and every bit as flavorful as it should had been, with that hint of gaminess that is the reason why you would order duck instead of beef.  It was perfectly cooked --- medium rare with red juices running out as you slice the meat.  The breast had a thin layer of fat on top, whch was charred to a slight crisp.  This added some nice fatty flavor to the meat.  It was excellent with a glass of argetine trapiche pinot noir.  Le Paris did an excellent job in preparing this dish I would say.\n\nThe clientele tends to be older, and they look like they've been coming to the place for years.  I find it sad that not more young people would enjoy such solid traditiaonal French fare.  And they never seem too busy for you to be able to grab a table almost right away.  I hope they get good business, because a great place like this deserves to stay in business for a long time.
5	Restaurant Le Paris is a small bistro that's conveniently located on Rue Catherine ouest.  HOWEVER, it's not well known.\n \nI discovered the bistro after asking my hotel's concierge back in 2007.  My friends and I went after skiing in Tremblant.  We enjoyed really good kidneys and the chef was kind enough to let us try some cow brains.  I've also had the cow brains at Per Se in NYC.  I'm done with cow brains.  I'm not a fan.  It's just too much.  I'm getting sick of foie gras these days too.\n \nJe suis desole for disgressing... Le Paris is a small bistro worth visiting!
5	We were at the Le Paris on Saturday night for the exclusive beef bourguignon. All the food that we ate were really good. For appetizer we had the egg mayonnaise  and the rabbit pattie. Both were really good. Then we had the beef bourguignon for the main course and then we ended the night with the Ile flottante. We also tried the pudding du Paris which hit the spot and really made the evening memorable.  All in all it was very juicy and fabulous which I would recommend any day. It is a little before the main hustle and bustle of St Catherine street so no rush.
2	My wife and I went to this restaurant for Valentine's day on a double \"date\" with friends. We chose the place because the reviews were good and it was BYOW.\n\nThe first bad sign was when we entered the restaurant at 6:30 p.m. and the place was completely empty. During the night more customers did eventually arrive, but it was never more than half full. For Valentine's Day evening, that is indeed a red flag, particularly for a French bistro, which you'd think would be packed on Valentine's Day.\n\nThe menu included a fixed price option as well as a la carte. As someone who detests fixed price menus, I was pleased to have the a la carte option available.\n\nThe bread came to the table first. It seemed like the Wunderbread version of a baguette. It came with little butter packages you get in a food court or on an airplane.\n\nAs an appetizer I ordered the ravioli dish, which consisted of a bowl filled with little miniature green bowties that could not possibly have been homemade and I'm guessing must have come frozen in a bag. They were all piled in a heap. The sauce and the ravioli were bland and lacked seasoning. It was not terrible, but not good either. \n\nFor my main course I ordered the bavette steak, cooked blue. The steak was more medium rare than blue, not that it mattered since it was smothered in goopy sauce that made it pretty well impossible to taste the steak. You could barely see the meat there was so much sauce. again the steak was bland and needed salt (you sense a theme here). The fries that came with the steak were adequate, but... surprise surprise, totally lacking salt. \n\nIt does appear the chef does not believe in seasoning the food. Either that or the boxed / frozen food he is reheating isn't seasoned well out of the package.\n\nFor dessert, I did want to order the Tarte Tatin, which was on the a la carte menu, but before I could do so they brought me the chocolate mousse cake, which I guess was the mandatory dessert on the fixed price menu (never mind that I had not ordered the fixed price meal) but they didn't charge me for it, so I didn't really complain. \n\nTo be fair, my wife and my friend and his girlfriend indicated they enjoyed it. To me it was like one of the desserts you get from Via Rail in their first class cabin - basically a notch or two above airplane food.\n\nBottom line: This is the kind of restaurant that would have done just fine in the 1980's as a \"fancy\" restaurant for the suburbs. Certainly not the worst french food you will find, but you can do alot better even for the relatively modest price. The chef needs to buy some salt and learn to use it.
1	This restaurant is always empty and now I understand why.... It's byow and the food is really good from the tartare, to the bavette and l'agneau. But for the service that's a different story, you really feel in France. My friend wasn't hungry so she wanted to take her tartare to go but it was not possible compared to many other places. When asked to see the chef we were denied several times, saying that the owner/chef doesn't come out of his kitchen. When owning a restaurant another task is to meet your costumers and be open to critic. He literally told us to go eat somewhere else after we gave him a positive critic. We were all on shock about the way he treated us and we promised never to go back there..... Now I understand why it's always empty, it's not the food, it's the service and the owner the problem!!!!
4	This was the first place that I ever had duck confit.  And it was delicious! Different but delicious!\n\nI also had the fish soup which was very good and hit the spot on the very chilly Montreal day that I went.
4	We luck out every time we visit, they seem to have the table by the front window.\nWe really appreciate the way we are served, it's always the same waiter who has a great sense of humor.\nAll the dishes we've had have been great.\nDecor hasn't changed in a lonnnng time but hey it's got it's own unique appeal.
1	Just returned from a trip to Montreal and this restaurant was the place we went for the quintessential French meal. First let me say that the food was great!!\n\nWith that said, the dining experience was one of discomfort and frustration. We arrived when the dining room was almost empty and we seemed off to a pretty good start. Though we did note that the room was a little stuffy. By the time we got our mains (which took quite a while, but nothing I'd complain about), the room was packed and felt like an oven. Our wine and water glasses were almost empty when the waiter dropped off our food, but we never saw him again. The restaurant was WAY understaffed...just two waiters to do everything including bussing and seating. \n\nFinally after waiting a ridiculously long time (and noticing that the waiter was quite solicitous to one table of four older women) and being drenched in sweat with no water, we gave up on having dessert (which was included in the price of dinner), got up and met our waiter at the cash register. When we asked him for the check, he muttered something in French (though he had spoken to us in English before) and walked away. We finally estimated the bill, rounded up for taxes and left cash on the table before walking out.
4	Really great food. Amazing service. Recommend the Grav Lax, Endive salad with bleu cheese and walnuts. BYOB.
2	My friend recommended this restaurant since she thought it was good...I am a little surprised at that. My boyfriend and I ordered escargot, steak and chicken. Everytime I tried to pick up an escargot, I ended up getting mushroom...it was also in some sort of beef brisket sauce...so the taste of the escargot was beef-y. My steak, I ordered medium...it looked a bit more cooked than I wanted..and for some reason, it tasted of beef sauce again..my boyfriends chicken dish was decent though...but we were looking forward to the other two dishes. \n\nThe decor is classy, no lineup either. And this place allows you to bring your own wine. However, the food hasn't really made an impact on me.
5	Probably one of the better dining experiences I've had in my life. \nI'm not an expert on french cuisine nor have I dined extensively in montreal or anything like that but if you're in town, check this place out, trust me!\n\nThis is basically a real casual bistro in Montreal, filled with older French Canadians, a lot of retired people, or a generally 40yr + crowed. It feels like the decor hasn't changed for the past 30 years and it really sets a nice mood. \n\nI've come here once for the duck confit and once for a roasted fish. both times, it was like eating a really experienced french grandmaother's cooking in the french countryside: just simply but expertly prepared. Normally, a fish would be served with a side of roasted vegetables and potatoes, and some pan drippings and it really is fantastic. \n\nThe best thing about this entire restaurant is the brandade de morou. This tasted amazing and is one of the most memorable things I've ever eaten. Its basically like mashed potatoes that tastes like the sea, and ive never had this dish better than the one they have here. Other apetizers included some squid cooked in its own ink and some oysters, all of which were really good. \n\nThe bread is fantastic. The butter comes room temperate and softened. I'm not a wine expert but the waiters were friendly and happy to help. \n\nOverall, this is truly a great place. Reservations are recommended. This is an ideal place to compensate if your not lucky enough to have a french grandmother.
4	I found this place because it was tied to one of the airline dining programs.  One has to find street parking, pay for enough time in that spot, head in to the restaurant, and \"do lunch\" expediently.\n\nIt is a typical French bistro with a good combination of food and service.  It was fairly full and it looked like most of the people were locals, hence it's a place that has withstood the test of time in providing authentic and tasty French cuisine.  The place is a little dated, as can be expected for a restaurant situated in a storefront along Sainte-Catherine, one of Montreal's main drags in Centre-Ville.  Lastly, it certainly isn't cheap, but it's not ridiculously expensive either.  \n\nHaving lunch here was enjoyable and Le Paris is sort of an entry-level way to familiarize oneself with French cuisine without getting clobbered over the head with pretense.
5	Hier kann man super Essen. Wirklich sehr gute K\u00fcche. Und das Ambiente ist angenehm warm und gem\u00fctlich. Sehr empfehlenswert direkt oder auf dem Weg durch das Siebenm\u00fchlental. Die Bepreisung ist angemessen.
5	\"Man kann's esse'\" w\u00fcrde der Schwabe wohl sagen und damit ein gro?es Lob aussprechen. Tatsache ist, dass wenn ich keine Lust habe mich selber in die K\u00fcche zu stellen, die Seebruckenm\u00fchle immer mit in der ersten Wahl ist.\n\n\n Meine pers?nichen Empehlungen und das nun schon seit mehrerer Jahren: Der Rostbraten und das Geschnetzelte. Aber auch die Flammkuchen sind sehr lecker und ... und ... und ...\n\n\n Sommer: Im Garten befindet sich ein \"alternativer Biergarten\" der durchaus seinen Charme hat. Leider auch reichlich Schnaken. Bei Einbruch der Dunkelheit empfiehlt sich ein Umzug auf die h?her gelegene Terasse, die leider nicht viel Platz, daf\u00fcr aber Heizstrahler bietet, oder gleich nach innen.\n\n\n Der Garten bietet tags\u00fcber eine bedingt geeignete (weil un\u00fcbersichtliche) Spielwiese f\u00fcr Kinder. Solche, die gewohnt sind, im Freien und der in der Natur zu spielen, werden ihren Spass haben.\n\n\n Hunde scheinen kein Problem zu sein, was bei einem \"Ausflugslokal\" nat\u00fcrlich auch nciht verwundert.\n\n\n Winter: Speziell an Wochenenden mit sch?nem Wetter, das sehr viele Wanderer und Spazierg?nger ins Siebenm\u00fchlental lockt, kann es am sp?ten Nachmittag und fr\u00fchem Abend schon mal rappelvoll sein. Also nicht zu sp?t kommen - oder eben sp?ter.\n\n\n Parkpl?tze sind ausreichend und kostenlos vorhanden, direkt an einer Kreuzung, so dass man das die M\u00fchle eigentlich nicht verfehlen kann.
4	Beliebtes Ausflugsrestaurant mit gro?em Parkplatz. Der Bio- und Altbau-Flair der Esels- oder M?ulesm\u00fchle fehlt etwas, daf\u00fcr liegt es wirklich sch?n im Gr\u00fcnen. Genial f\u00fcr Kinder, die d\u00fcrfen rumspringen, ohne dass sie der Stra?e allzu schnell zu nahe kommen.\n\n\n Von au?en sieht das Restaurant nicht so besonders einladend aus, ein Anstrich t?t mal gut und den Garten zu pflegen w?re sicherlich auch mal eine gute Idee. Innen ist es aber sehr sauber und gepflegt und man bekommt bei gutem Service gutes Essen zum fairen Preis.\n\n\n Gegen\u00fcber befindet sich \u00fcbrigens die Galerie Wei?e Scheune von Hans Hahn-Seebruck, die des Ansehens durchaus wert ist.
4	Sehr leckeres essen und nettes personal! die terasse ist auch wundersch?n nur der garten gef?llt mir pers?nlich nicht da der boden mit geh?xeltem holz belegt ist und daher sehr dreckig! ansonsten top! ;)
5	Bei Jens ist jeder Gast herzlich willkommen . Und das Essen !! Ja das Essen ist auch net schlecht. \nAch was sag ich das Essen is Geil . Hab noch nichts bei ihm gegessen was nicht wirklich gut war . Geheimtip !!!!!!\nJens mach weiter so !!!!
5	Man kann einfach alles in ein Wort packen TOP !!! Lage : sch?n in einem Wald versteckt.Biergarten bei leicht ged?mpften licht war am Abend sehr romantisch ;-)\nEssen: sehr sehr lecker, wir waren gleich 2 mal hintereinander hier und jedes mal hat einfach alles geschmeckt.besten Flammkuchen den ich je gegessen habe!\nTrinken: gute Cocktails und zu sp?teren Stunde wurden auch die Rarit?ten an Schn?psen heraus geholt.\nService:einfach nur TOP,aufmerksam,freundlich Wenn ich im Stuttgarter Raum bin,ist es auf alle F?lle der n?chste anlaufpunkt! :-) Danke Jens, Gr\u00fc?e aus M\u00fcnchen ;-)
5	Wundersch?ner Biergarten im idyllischen Siebenm\u00fchlental. Das Restaurant zeichnet neben dem erstklassigen Service auch das Essen, was wirklich 5 Sterne verdient hat aus. Ich komme gerne wieder!
4	Sch?nes Restaurant zwischen den M\u00fchlen. Sch?nes Ausflugsziel, man kann von einer zur anderen M\u00fchle wandern und dann zur St?rkung in der Seebruckenm\u00fchle einkehren. Es ist eine gute regionale K\u00fcche. Man kann auch nur einen Snack essen. Die Portionen sind \u00fcppig. Die Preise fair. Empfehlenswert
5	The people who work here are fantastic, wonderful attitudes, genuinely care about your day and shopping experience. They also have an awesome olive selection. I got some awesome frozen veggie Phyllos and love their frozen section!
4	Wow. Awesome food.counter service only wed-Fri. Super friendly staff. Great grocery selection.
4	Between my first and second visits, this store was expanded and brightened up and it was even more fun to shop the second time.  Great deals on their label of extra-virgin olive oil, roasted peppers,dried tomatoes plus an amazing selection of olives and cheeses.  They sell the best pita bread I have even eaten- Kontos hand-stretched gyro bread.  I'm almost out of the stock I bought this past spring, and will be returning for a mega-purchase again soon.  :)  I just wish that this store were closer!
4	While working on the job, one can get hungry. Man hungry and the thing about man hungry is this...greek yogurts and hot pockets can't light that flame if you get me. You'll need something more heavy duty, something that gets in deep, really gets the engines revving. For that you will need Salonika. Oh what's that you say? You are working all day on making sure some steel pipeline is put into the ground, well then friend...I have the place for you. We are talking, 12 cylinders of man meat sledgehammered into what they call a gyro. Spices so sensational, you will have Bob Vila jealous at your home taste bud improvements. The best part about this man meal is that it's man cheap. This will allow you to spend your real money on lifting your truck, roofing your house or just plain old football, man style. \n\nI give this place a manly 4 out of 5.  Don't forget to bring this man meal home or eat in your car because this place doesn't have seating but that's okay...because real men don't sit...they stand tall.
5	The absolute nicest, most helpful people work here at this place! Great variety of olives, sweets and savories! This will certainly become a regular stop when in the Strip.
4	This is an amazing place. It fundamentally a major distributor of Greek, Turkish, Spanish, and Bulgarian foods, with an emphasis on Greek. Chris, the owner, is a super-friendly guy, who wanted to share in a retail setting, ergo the pastries and gyros and more. \nThe prices and quality are unbeatable. It's worth a visit for lunch on Wednesday thru Friday.
2	We ordered pizza a few weeks after they opened.  Really expensive for what you get, which reminded us of Pizza Hut, and that isn't a good thing.  Haven't gone back, we live in Brooklyn so we travel to Oregon which has a few better pizza options that are less expensive and more authentic.
5	Excellent pizza and pasta, plus great Friday Fish Fry..all in little Brooklyn. Try the White Pizza, so good I swear they have the best alfredo sauce I've ever had. The spinach and artichoke dip is to die for. Portions are average but you will never leave hungry at Angelo's. Service is good, keep in mind this is not fast food so be patient and enjoy a nice dinner.
2	So maybe i'll catch a lot of flack because of my low star review for such a popular eatery, but I was not at all impressed with the food hype surrounding this place.\n\nat first i was super excited to see the veggie dog option and the multitude of toppings you can get on your hot dog. it sounded like a savory heaven! and i do mean everything! any kind of vegetable and/or cheese and/or traditional topping and even some not so traditional toppings. they serve salads and alcohol as well. \n\nservice was super friendly and quick, so no complaints there. \n\nbut it was just a veggie hot dog. like the kind i can buy in a pack at sprouts. the flavor came from the toppings so essentially i was eating a salad on top of a veggie dog. and although i'm not a hot dog fan, i especially don't care for hot dog buns. short leash replaced the bun with a giant pita bread. it's so much bread! you get full from the huge pita, not the filling itself. \n\ni was mostly disappointed because we tried some of their offerings at the Yelp Downtown event and were very impressed with what they had (fried green tomato!). maybe they have that at their brick and mortar store or the food truck but not at the pop up location. and 6.50 for a veggie dog just seems a bit too much.
4	After spending about 10 minutes trying to find the place, we successfully found it inside of a little walkway next to Forge. I had the organic chicken Moki with no tomatoes, it was delicious!  They also use naan bread instead of hotdog buns, which makes it a little interesting to eat, but the softness of the naan goes really well with the dog. They also have veggie dogs too! \n\nThe service was excellent and food was delivered with speed and garnish with a sweet pickle on top. The classic Mexican coke makes an great refreshing addition to a hot Arizona day.
5	These dogs are great. Now $6.50 is indeed way too much to pay for a regular dog, even for the best, one from Flo's on Route One in Cape Neddick, Maine. \nBut, you really can't call the Short Leash hot dogs \"regular.\"\nFrom the \"dog\" itself to the bread (a Nan-style, good sized pita bread) to the delicious and unusual toppings, this is a special meal as many Yelpers have reported.\nThe help has experience with people wandering into this place, just one of many stalls and shops in this Union mini-mall area. Many people are attracted to the wall of cool photos of dogs! The gals behind the counter were quick to nicely explain the menu--and just as quick I was chowing down on an Oliver, with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese and 1000 island dressing.\nI liked it. \nBut, oh how I wish it was July and I was back at Flo's--even if Gail was cranky because someone was holding the screen door open.
5	\"For Naan Believers Only\" Short Leash Dogs has made me a naan believer!!\n\nYou pick your 'wiener' (all their hotdogs are natural/ gluten & nitrate free):  regular, all beef, bratwurst, chicken, spicy beer hot & vegetarian. \n\nWillie was very friendly & informative then gave great suggestions for my choice of Spicy Beer Hot 'wiener'.  He made me feel at ease to be adventurous!  \n\nSo I decided on the award winning 'BEAR' (peanut butter, smoked Gouda, bacon, BBQ sauce + cracker jacks) w/ Spicy Beer Hot 'wiener' on naan bread of course.  \n\nOh my!  It was delish!  And soooo filling!  Nice blend of ingredients where I tasted each flavor but it melded well without competing. Thank you Richard for making it tasty & perfectly cooked.  Great staff!!!\n\nAlso, tried the watermelon lemonade by Hubert's-nice. They have a nice assortment of different varieties of drinks to choose from. \n\nThere are a couple of tables; but if full, than I chose to sit at the fountain in the courtyard near Santa in his regal white coat & enjoyed our beautiful weather.\n\nPS: in middle courtyard near Saks & Williams Sonoma.
5	The sunny hotdog is a very delicious and unique sandwich that is like no other hotdog I've ever tried.\n\nThe naan bread with arugula and goat cheese coupled with prosciutto and a chicken dog is a very good combination.
5	Upon walking up to the dog stand I was greeted by super fun and friendly employees.  The hot dog was made quick and really special.  I sat outside in the courtyard and really enjoyed my experience.  It is a little expensive for a hot dog but my experience was a good one.
1	I've been to this location twice in the last month. Both times out of regular and beef dogs. Staffer today says she had no idea why as she rarely works here. She seems more interested in checking her phone than working. And if dead fish/zero energy were a description it would fit her personality. Losing interest in this place FAST.
5	Great hotdogs served creatively, this is a great place for a quick lunch, not too expensive, when hitting The Biltmore. Pleasant staff and the nearby shops make this a really good place they make their own donuts, which look delicious. While they don't offer coffee, there is a good cup available at the end of the passageway.
5	LOOOVE short leash!  Great service, super friendly staff and delicious dogs!!
4	I love Short Leash and was glad to hear they opened up a permanent shop inside The Union. The only downside is no fried pickles! For whatever reason, this location does not have fried pickles. To make up for no fried pickles, they do have salads and donuts. Additionally, all the hotdogs you know and love are on the menu and you can build your own. I love building my own - hot beer brat, bacon, Gouda, caramelized onions, saut\u00e9ed mushrooms, and spicy mustard. Yum! This is my go-to favorite and my husband loves it too.\n\nDepending on where you enter The Union, the shop could be easy to miss because the signage is rather small. The inside of the shop is on the smaller side as well, but that doesn't stop the big flavors. Inside, there is seating along a bar top, where you can watch your hotdog being made or there is a single table outside the eatery. The walls are covered in photos of dogs and the special hotdog creation inspired by the dog. The place is cute and modern with a white countertop and concrete walls.\n\nOverall, it's a great place to grab a delicious and unique hot dog. If I can't catch the food truck or make it downtown, this is a great spot to help curb my cravings!
1	I went in last night about 845 , wasn't greeted . This girl was sweeping and she said they were closed . It was 846 at this point . The door and google times stated they closed at 9 . What's going on here !? Unhappy employees ? Means unhappy service !
5	Great food, tons of options, cute location. We have a place like this where I'm from in ny called dog town and this place it just as good!\n\nThe staff was super friendly and its was a nice sunny day to enjoy a warm treat! If they don't ask to validate your parking just go next door to the crepe place and tell them you went there and they will validate it for you :)
2	I haven't been too the food truck or downtown location.  I have been here twice and I do not know what the big deal is.....I will have to try the dwntn location.  Not impressed w this at all.
4	Short Leash - what's not to love? I've always been happy with the combos here, and we love the use of the flatbread instead of a bun. I do kind of feel like it is a little hit or miss... or perhaps the quality has changed a little? Not sure, but it's a good tasty little bite if you are in the area and can't make it downtown to their other location!
5	If, when, how, the, what the! \n\nWho the heck. (Dramatic pause) \n\nCame up with this flavor driven tastebud amusement park for My belly!!!! \n\nAny way you try it. Any thing you place on it.  Your not going to regret it. Well if you eat too many in one sitting you might .,, uh yea just trust me on that. \n\nGreat service. Friendly staff. Always smiling and working hard. They love to help you with fun pairings and recommendations! \n\nThey have all kinds of dogs. \n\n(In slow mo) \nthey have Chicken dogs, Beef dogs, Pork dogs, Veggie dogs, Shriners dogs, boiled shrimp wait not that last one..    \nThey use Naan bread instead of buns (freakn amazing). Picasso had a brush they got NAAN!!! \n\nI've tried them all. Loved them all and lived to share my love with the world through means of verbal and social communication. \n\nHow dare you not go here... You should be ashamed... Bad doggie! \n\nAnd I'm out!!!
2	I was super hungry and decided to come here because I love the one downtown. The service was prompt and my hotdog was what I expected, if a little worse than the original. I was so disappointed when I got the chips and they weren't made on site.\n\nI was there alone, sitting at the bar and after I placed my order the two employees played on their phones the entire time! At least attempt some conversation. This one also did not have alcohol.
1	Really disappointed, the hours are listed until 8pm on both Yelp and their website. We showed up at 645 and they were closed. Absolutely ridiculous.  Normally I love short leash, best dogs in town, but this was a big let down.
5	This was a cool little spot we just happened to walk by and decided to get a bite. The food was awesome and the staff were super friendly and informative. Well definitely stop by again.
4	If you're looking for a quick, delicious and affordable bite, check this place out. They have beef, chicken, and vegetarian hotdogs which I appreciate. I had the organic chicken hotdog, \"aiko\" style meaning the hotdog is dressed with mango chutney and spicy mayo. They use naan bread instead of a hotdog bun which surprisingly made a tasty vehicle for all the flavors. The staff were also very friendly and welcoming. \n\nWill come back to try the other varieties.
5	I just don't feel 5 stars are enough.....here's why!\n\nThe staff took time to explain the amazing combinations and didn't hesitate to explore some recommendations.. BONUS\n\nToday I tried the award winning BEAR combination with an all beef dog. I was drooling like a dog after the first bite\n\nThey have a whopping 10 signature dogs and 7 premium dogs. With sides and bottled soda pop to top off your dog. \n\nI can't express in enough words how faithful of a customer I will be at this location. I was sold after the first bite! The combinations may seem a bit strange to your hearing however I encourage you to put it aside and indulge. \n\nYou will NOT be sorry! Awesome
5	The best hands down fried pickles EVER! Hotdogs are AMAZING! And the doughnuts DELICIOUS. A must try place.
5	Just had my 1st hotdog here it's unlike any other hotdog I ever tried. It was really delicious I enjoy the BBQ taste and how the cracker jacks inside added to the flavoring. I would definitely come back to try what other hotdogs they have.
5	Love, love, love this place! Staff is always super friendly, and my chosen meal is always cooked perfectly. Very eclectic and diverse menu with options to build your own unique creation as well. Saddle on up to the counter for some yummy grub and good conversation with the staff. Try their spicy brat with chipotle cream cheese and diced bacon. Their potato salad is top notch, too. Not too happy that they don't have Rollover Donuts offered for dessert any more, though...bring them back!
1	The food is great, when they're open... I have gone to the Biltmore Fashion Park location four times now, well before their closing time, and they have been closed. The listed hours are until 8pm and I have gone between 5 and 6pm and they were already closed.This is really unacceptable. I wish they would stay true to their listed hours because the hotdogs are delicious.
1	They stopped selling kids dogs to adults although there is no age listed on the menu. I work in the mall and they pick and choose who can buy a kids dog. My coworker was able to buy one but I wasn't. They need to make it consistent, and not pick and choose who they allow to purchase a kids dog. I just watched them loose out on $15 because three other adults wanted a simple hotdog. $8 for a hotdog with ketchup & mustard is ridiculous. I don't see an issue with selling a \"simple\" \"naked\" hotdog for $5 dollars. \n\nFried pickles are bomb tho.
4	I like this place. Its small and little table space but the Dogs are great!\n\nA little pricey but I like it.  Can not go often because of the price.  \n\nThe Donuts are great also!! try one!\n\nI'll be back!
5	I am so sad to see that short leash will only be temporarily in this location! The service is great and the food is even better. I do not eat beef or pork but their chicken and veggie dog are the best I've had! I would recommended one of those with the sunny option, sans the prosciutto. I hope they will consider staying longer!!
2	Nothing special and pricey for what you get.\n\nOrdered my daughter corn dogs.  Menu says two, but they hadn't bothered to change the sign...and the manager didn't bother to apologize.\n\nSeriously, all it takes is a piece of white paper scissors and tape to change the menu board.\n\nTheir corn dog is half the size of \"everyday corn dog\" and twice the price.... considering its half the size it works out to 4 times the price.\n\nDo not understand what the fuss is about.  Have had people recommend the central Phoenix location.
5	I start this by saying yeah yeah yeah I know I just overpaid for this hot dog ($9), but (and it's a big BUT;) I had to give this place a try and I'm very glad I did!\n\nNo other place has all these different and imaginative offerings for hotdogs all in one place. Today I had the Cubano which comes with a smattering of pulled pork, cheese, mustard and spicy sweet pickles. I subbed the spicy dog for its less spicy but just as snappy cousin, the all beef dog.\n\nIf I was less hungry I would have taken 1/2 of it home with me.
4	This is the Short Leash in the Union at the Biltmore. I love this location because it really is the perfect place to grab an early 11 o'clock lunch and a dirty chai latte from Royal next door. Plus once you are done you can pop over to MAC and see what's new. I always do :) \n\nI've run into Brad a few times here and he's his usual, friendly, chipper self. There is nothing better than service with a smile!
5	Brad & Kat are at it again!  And they're back in my hood!  They have a new location at the Union at Biltmore right next to Stingray.  Check it out, they dogs are the best in Arizona!
4	The decor of this place is what originally reeled me in because I love dogs :)\nFood was very good ! I ordered a vegetarian Oliver and my boyfriend ordered the bratwurst stuffed pretzel with potato salad. Everything was delicious! The pickle on the side was so good and they make them in house.\nThe worker was wonderful too ! Very helpful with the menu items and very personable. He talked to us our entire time dining at Short Leash.
1	Been a regular but customer service has changed. Long wait time for mac and cheese and when I went to pick it up and the gentleman says \" thanks\" in a tone as if I was disturbing him and I just simply looked in the box because I almost couldn't see if anything was even in there and as I'm looking he goes \" thanks\" again. Used to love this place but I just can't anymore.
2	I just paid $18 for two hot dogs. I get the same thing at every golf course in town for $8. Everything was a la cart so I imagine that if we got a drink and chips it would be $40. \n\nNever again.
4	Just moved to Melrose and was excited to try this new restaurant via \u00fcbereats. I love gourmet hot dogs and this place looked super yummy!\nWe ordered the Lady and the Bear. The Lady was my favorite! Fried pickles and chipotle cream cheese somehow made utter, delicious yummy sense! The Bear I was slightly disappointed in, but it may have been because I opted for the meat version. It was definitely good but adding chicken may have affected the combination of flavors; I emphasize, the combo surprisingly still worked! Who would have thought peanut butter, cracker jacks, gouda, and bbq sauce would have made a winning combination?! This is why I applaud Short Leash! They took an old time American favorite and dressed it up to the nines! Not only were they experimental with their toppings but the Naan bread worked perfectly and I loved getting to choose Brats instead of the traditional hot dogs. If you are a more conservative eater I recommend eating somewhere else; if you're like me and like to eat new things, eat here. \nKeep experimenting with flavors and I will keep eating whatever you come up with!
1	Staff was friendly, food was good but I'm upset that I waited 25-30 minutes for a hot dog!! And definitely a bit overpriced.
4	Service is really good and in the colorful Roosevelt Row District. I gave 4 stars and not 5 because to be honest, this place didn't knock my socks off. I also really really like their menu, concept, and atmosphere. This is a great spot for your lunch break! I had the Mac daddy that has a hotdog, chili, and Mac n cheese along with the German potato salad that was surprisingly more stand outish than the hot dog!
5	We have ordered delivery from the 3 times now, within 1 month!  We love this place.  I have got my grandparents and parents hooked too!  Good portions and very tasty.  Our favorite is the Mongolian beef, yum!
4	Great place to eat in a pinch. I wasn't mobile and was here on business. Delivery was fast and food was great. Egg rolls were amazing. Needed more chicken. Don't know if I saw any but the flavor made me forget the lack of chicken. \n\nDumplings were great and tried the house pan fried noodles. Couldn't be happier. If the egg rolls had more meat they would have 5 stars. Still great and will eat here again.
4	Recently moved to the area. Tried this place out for the first time with their delivery service. Overall awesome service! Quality of the food was great, price was very reasonable as well, especially considering the portions received. \n\nWe ordered the chicken fried rice, General Tao's Chicken, and eggrolls. Everything was excellent; however,  the egg rolls were primarily cabbage. That being said, the eggrolls were crunchy and the cabbage tasted good. Will be ordering again in the future!
4	This place has good food and good prices.  Egg rolls could be better but not a deal breaker for me.  Lots of my coworkers also order from this place.
4	I get Star Wok when I am at work as I can't leave for lunch. If I forget my lunch (which is all the time) I can count on Star Wok to get me good food fast.
5	Fast service and polite service! Food was hot and delicious and they even remember that I asked for no ice in my drink! Will definately go back!
5	Unlike panda express this place cooks to order which is a good thing in my opinion. The combo with honey chicken, kung pao chicken, and white rice was very good.
5	Small little place, but is best for takeout when we don't want to cook. The food is good, way better than Panda Express! I always believe Chinese food needs to be cooked by Chinese people not Mexican. Will definately order again when we visit AZ!  Added bonus with the guy name Tony who took my order, he was very friendly and made sure we had enough. Thanks for you great service tony!
4	I ordered delivery from here 2 nights ago and the food was great. I ordered the fried chicken and pork short ribs in orange sauce. The fried chicken was a little bit dry but still tasty. Their rice was actually the weakest point of the meal because it was really dry. \n\nThe delivery came about 5 mins late and the driver apologized immediately. I'm assuming he got lost in my neighborhood, which was no big deal. I found it charming that he seemed to sweat the 5 mins more than I did. \n\nOverall though, I would order from here again. \n\nPros: Good serving sizes, good price, tasty food.\n\nCons: Long wait time for the delivery (60 mins from order time to delivery time), dry rice.
5	Great prices. Beyond great food. Friendly staff. COOKED TO ORDER 5 FEET FROM YOUR FACE. hello!?!? Tell me where you can get all these great things all under one roof?!? 5 stars!!!
5	Everything was great... I devoured the food. We got combs and I was totally impressed.
5	I've had delivery from here 3 times now and the food is always delicious and the delivery is always super fast! I love this place!!
4	Place is great and price is very fair and made fresh every time I've ordered. Homemade egg rolls are far and tasty the portions are good and very filling.
2	Great prices and the food was prepared quickly for us to pick up. It was still very hot when we got it despite being held up by traffic. The guy helping me was super polite and made sure we had forks, and the plates they gave us were a very nice addition. \n\nUnfortunately, the food was not great. We had 3 entrees and got a side of fried rice with each entree. I've never had fried rice before that had nothing in it: there were no eggs, no meat of any kind, no vegetables. The rice itself tasted funky, totally bland with an aftertaste like maybe the rice was old. \n\nThe General Tso's and sweet & sour pork were both totally bland without the sauce. The sweet & sour pork was a little over done, but the veggies for the could have been cooked longer, they were practically raw. \n\nThe best part of our meal was the cashew chicken. The sauce had good flavor, veggies were almost perfect and the chicken was tender. But it wasn't good enough to bring us back.
5	One word: AMAZING! The food we have gotten from there has always been hot, perfectly cooked, and exactly what I'm looking for in terms of flavor. The egg rolls by far surpass every other place I have been to in Phoenix, the fried rice has never been dry, and the veggies are always crisp and never soggy or gross. I have tried their chicken, beef, and pork and have never been dissatisfied. Just a great place to eat. Thank you!
2	I ate here for the first time asked for Chicken chop suey they gave me chicken lo mein. The sweet n sour had a metallic after taste. Don't think I will order again. :(
1	You should be able to give 0 stars! \nI ordered egg foo young, General Tso chicken and chicken chop suey at 3:17pm and was told 10 minutes. I got caught in traffic and didn't arrive until 15 minutes later at approximately 3:32pm. He, cashier, asked my name and then said it was coming right up. 3:40pm still no food- and he asks me my name Again! No food ready but asked if I could pay now. I asked him if my order had even been started. But I'm pretty sure you guessed correctly.......it had not- he was unapologetic, offered nothing in lieu of my time, not an egg roll, not a won ton- just a complimentary look of indifference. I love good food but I work hard for my money and nothing leaves a bad taste in my mouth like paying for bad service! I can get my Chinese food fix somewhere else where the customers are treated with respect.
1	Want friendly service, good prices, safe location? Don't stop,keep going! Located in a strip mall near a smoke shop and a QT many unsavory characters milling around. Recently moved nearby and explained that I like Chinese food and need a go to place for my fix. I ordered the lunch special take-out. Thinking they would like my return business, they would make my order especially robust. WRONG! Upon opening, found egg rolls missing, small scoop of fried rice and lo mien and 2 small pieces of beef with broccoli and as a bonus...all cold and bland. Also missing, fork, napkins, condiments and the traditional fortune cookie. No drink order. Total, almost $9! WOW. No wonder it's always empty of customers. Too bad! :-(
1	might be the worst chinese food I've ever had!\nspent nearly $40 on delivery.   so dissapointed.\nhow can you possibly screw up orange chicken? you did...... soggy, flavorless mush.\n  I guess your answer to fried rice is to just drown white rice in soy.    can't believe you have any repeat customers? how are you even open for business.\nDO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY HERE
5	Delicious delicous delicous! Friendly staff, and very generous portions on every order. I don't live in Arizona but I do travel to the state at least 3-5 times a year and when I do I stop by here to fulfill my chinese food cravings. 4.5-5 stars for great food and awesome service.
1	Disgusting! Rice is dry, veggies over cooked, Taos chicken was so disgusting my pet wouldn't even touch it. My wife had veggies and it looked liked someone had pre-chewed it for her. The sight of the food was just completely unappealing. NEVER ordering food from here again.
2	Just disappointed, ordered mongolian beef and orange chicken and egg roll. First, mongolian beef. Taste burnt and u can tell it is not fresh. Orange chicken, taste so good! BUT its not fresh. And egg roll. It is big!! And taste amazing!! Fresh and crispy!! But the main dish is so disappointed :( i love the taste honestly. It is good combo with rice coz i love rice and i eat everythng with rice. I stopped eating coz the chicken and beef is so chewy and like a rubber. I will try another menu next time.
2	Located in the miracle mile shop connected to elara, planet hollywood, etc. Food is overpriced and not good. I got an Italian sandwich, there was barely any meat in it. If you're in the miracle mile shop area, I recommend lobster me or earl of sandwich.
1	I really hate writing bad reviews but I am left with little option when the best thing about this place is their Coke machine.  It is one of those where you can customize all these flavor add-ins.  \n\nTheir meatballs are not too good. I ordered the Original, and even though the flavor was acceptable, it had some kind of grisly bits in it.  I have no idea what it was, but it had a most unpleasant texture.  I was too scared to take it out of my mouth and look at it, so I did the next best thing...I swallowed it.  The meat sauce that it came with was almost as bad - salty and no flavor.  But I did find it amazing that the vegetables I ordered tasted just like the ones served at my school cafeteria.  How do you take carrots, broccoli, and squash, and boil the shit out it so that they all taste the same? I tried to force myself to finish those, but was prevented from doing so by the pieces of broccoli bark.  Seriously, you are not supposed to cut up and serve the base of the broccoli.  It is too woody and fibrous.  I must look like a beaver.  They also had some pizzas on display, but ironically, they did not look as tasty as the meatballs.\n\nBut the family that owns it is very nice.  I will continue to buy my sodas from them in the future.
4	Loved their meatball sliders!  So cute.  We got some with the standard marinara, and some with the parmesan cheese sauce, which is delicious and decadent!  Also, kinda messy.
4	Try the classic for sure. Not a large selection but seems to be all full of flavor. They do leave the counter unattended sometimes ...
2	I was leaning toward a three star, but the more I thought about their name I realized I couldn't go three. They are called the Meatball Spot and the meatball just isn't special. It isn't a bad meatball, but it isn't good either.\n\nWe first visited this spot when they had a restaurant in Town Square and thought it was okay. Saturday we decided to give them another try at this location and see if our feelings had changed about the food.\n\nWe went with meatball sliders, one traditional and one pork. The sauce was spicy Italian sauce. First, the slider rolls are just not hardy enough for the large meatball and the sauce. The buns were mush instantly and that wasn't the most appetizing. The meatball wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. The meatballs have zero in the way of seasoning. They are essentially a giant hunk of meat (which usually is a good thing), but meatballs should be seasoned! Forgive me, I'm Italian so this seems like a sin against meatballs.\n\nThe line at this location was really slow as well. Everything was prepared in the assembly line and yet it took at least ten minutes for the three people in front of us to be served. None of the customers seemed to be doing anything that would delay service either. The people behind us in line were complaining about the wait as well.\n\nI may seem really down on this place, but it would be okay for a quick lunch or dinner. It really isn't awful, but in my opinion there are too many good food options in Vegas to devote a meal to this spot.
1	This place is absolute rubbish. The meatballs were bad. The bread was not good. And the sauce was not good either. \n\nOn top of the food tasting bad the service was really poor. The server was really rude and unresponsive. If you are at Planet Hollywood I would suggest somewhere else within the miracle mall, if you're looking for late night of cheap lunch/dinner.
5	Amazing food and awesome service!!! Ate at the seafood place right next too it for 3X the money and this place was AMAZING compared to them! Came back the next day too!!
1	Went in on Saturday AM of July 4th weekend. Sorry, we are out of marinara. Who eats meatballs without marinara? We have pizza though.  Changing name to Might Have Meatballs Pizza Spot!!
4	Perfect quick bite. Didn't know what to order and woman working there could not have been nicer and nailed exactly what I needed. Had turkey meatball sub with classic tomato. Basic but hit the spot. Really great service and nice to deal with someone so nice. Wish the coke machine was working as regular coke unavailable but I am better off with water anyway.
5	Classic meatballs with classic tomato sauce are great tasting and fulfilling.  We ordered four meatballs and they tasted like homemade meatballs.  We came here twice and it was delicious each time.
4	Just walking around Planet Hollywood looking for a quick bite to eat before we hit the pool party. I wasn't as hungry as I normally am in the morning, so I just wanted something light. Especially, if I was going to a pool party. Shouldn't stuff your face before a pool party in Vegas. Haha\n\nAnyhow, it's a stand located in the shopping area of PH. You can make Meatball subs, sliders, pasta, or just eat it from a cup. They serve bread sticks, salads, and even pizza. There are four types of meatballs they serve: Classic (beef, chicken and veal?); Pork; Chicken; and Turkey. You can choose the type of sauce you want over your meatballs.\n\nI went with the Turkey and tomato sauce with my slider. It was pretty tasty. didn't have much of an appetite so one slider was enough for me. Give it a try.
5	Amazing meatballs that fall apart in your mouth.  By far some of the cheapest best eats in Vegas!
4	Last night was my first time trying the Meatball Spot.  I ordered a three meatball sandwich for $6.95.  It seemed expensive and I figured it would be a small sandwich.  It was actually just right.  I got the classic meatballs and these are no tiny little Spaghetti-O's style meatballs.  These are balls with substance.  They tasted fresh and were quite juicy.  So often I get a meatball sandwich that tastes old and microwaved.  Not here.\n\nKeeping it classic, I ordered classic sauce too.  It looked thin but was by no means watered down.  This was a full flavor marinara that was even a little bit spicy.  A very good compliment to the meatballs.\n\nThe bread of my sandwich was fine.  Nothing spectacular.  It was there mostly to catch the sauce.  It executed this task with some competancy but I still went through several napkins because of the dripping sauce.\n\nThis was a good sandwich.  My only complaint was the $1 price tag to add cheese.  I skipped the cheese for that reason.  I'm sorry but I think a meatball should come with cheese included.  Subway has jaded me.
1	Website link is broken, menu shown in pictures not for this location. Really disappointed that they only offered pasta, rigatoni  to ne exact. Website for The Meatball Spot shown madhed potatoes and potenta, not here. I was so disappointed  I left without ordering and plannon making the management  of Planet Hollywood  aware of the lack of consistency and produts offered.
4	Really good meatball sandwich. Purchased the classic meatballs with the spicy sauce. The roll was tasty and fresh enough. Will return.
4	Well tonight, my first time at this location, I enjoyed the Classic Spicy Meatball sub.  Pretty good I must say.  Came served nice and hot!  I do miss the old location at Town Square but at least we have a sorts of Meatball Spot back in action.  The seating is great for people watching too-  you know there's a few characters that go see Britney ;) ).\n\nGood service and I love that Soda machine.  Pick what you want to drink and push the button.  Perfect.\n\nI'll be back asap to try something else when I want to be bad on my diet- maybe one of the Parmesan sauces!
5	My girlfriend and I were on our way to the Britney Spears show and we were running late so we couldn't go to dinner and we were starving!\n\nWe ended up hitting up this spot and ordering two slices of pizza, although they were only pepperoni pizza they were pretty amazing!\n\nThe bread was tasty, the sauce tasted great, and the pepperoni was just right! \n\nWant a quick bite to eat, grab a slice of pizza from this spot!
4	Great choice!  For a quick bite and some tasty meatballs, this is a good choice.  I tried one chicken meatball in the mushroom gravy (yum), and one classic with a mix of the parmesan cream and basic tomato sauce.  Both good!  A two meatball combo is only $4 and came with an asiago breadstick. \n\nI also got the cheese flatbread, which wasn't much to speak of.  Not bad, but not good either.  Not worth changing the rating though, since the meatballs were what I came for. \n\nReasonable price, tasty meatballs and that cool 100 flavor come machine.  Is recommend it and I will likely be back. There's pasta and cheddar cheese sauce which I'd love to try.
4	Wow, great stuff. These had to be the some of the most tender meatballs I have ever eaten. They were wonderful. Great job.
5	Meatballs in a cup are bomb. The spicy meat sauce and Parmesan cream are amazing. Great meal if you're in a hurry. Meatball heaven
5	Best & Simple & cheaper food...we had veggie pizza and cheese pizza. Both were awesome at reasonable price.
4	Meatballs do hit the spot!  \n\nMy girls and I wanted something light before heading to bikini day club land so we encountered this and decided on it. It surely satisfied semi hunger and I have to admit, the meatballs, which I opted for turkey, chicken and pork was amazingly delicious! Add on the choice of cream with mushrooms, then you will thank me!  They offer a baked, garlic breadstick with the cup of meatballs - great for soaking up the creamy goodness!  They have pizzas and sammies, but I don't know why you would order that when the shop is called meatball spot.\n\nYUMMY for some meatballs here!
2	I don't know how the food is because I walked away due to horrible, and I mean horrible customer service. I am a local, and my mother in law was visiting which brought us naturally to the strip. They stood out to us because there was not a long line and we were starving. \nI walked up to the cash register and there was a group of three sitting on the other end having what apparently was an extremely in depth and important conversation. I assumed someone would come to take my order because one girl watched me walk to the register. Not one of them asked how I was doing, what could they get for me, or if I had even been there before. Lastly, no one even said Hello. \nMyself and my mother in law decided to leave and look at other food places, and found ourselves back at the Meatball Spot and had a question on the Flat Breads.\nI asked \" Are the flatbreads cheaper if they are sliced smaller?\" I also had my 3 year old son with me, which is why I asked.\nShe said nothing and threw a very large flatbread in the oven and proceeded to continue her conversation with her other two rude friends. I said excuse me, because I wasn't sure if she actually understood what I was asking. I just wanted to make sure we were on the same page. Their conversation continues, so I literally wave my hands back and forth like I was trying to wave down a taxi, better yet, like I was helping to land a plane ( this place is tiny like a subway, so they had to see me) . They guy in the conversation looks me in my eyes, and looks away laughing and continuing his conversation.....well as soon as the oven beeped and she took the pizza out of the oven to turn around and ask me to pay I walked away. I refused to hand my money over to people who could care less that I was there or not. \n\nHopefully none of those people were a manager. That would be horrible representation.
4	Have your breakfast or lunch made by Stow's own Ron Swanson (aka owner Ed)! Trust me when you go you'll know what I mean. Never had to wait for a good breakfast here. The lunches are so-so but I've never been a fan of diner lunches anyway so I may be biased (I hear the soup is great). The service isn't overtly friendly but they're speedy and they've never made an error on my meals once in the many times I've come. Ed even made me a specially made turkey Reuben after giving me a hard time asking \"is it on the menu?\" It has a cute retro 50s look to it (although some things could use a good dusting) complete with diner counter and little bar stools. Overall a good, hot, cheap local breakfast spot!
4	Cool little place. Exactly what u expected. Cheap, good food and a cool small diner feel. If that's what your looking for this is a great spot
5	This place probably had one of the best atmospheres and food of any of the many breakfast joints in town. I am an avid breakfast eater and this Isalys II has become a staple in our weekly lives.
4	Perfect, tiny, little diner.\n\nIf you're looking for an old-school feel, and just simplicity in your life one morning, come on into here. They certainly have their regulars who are just a couple of older gentlemen that sit at the bar and order their \"usuals\" (usually black coffee and some toast). I think this place has pizazz. When I'm craving a good, cheap, old-fashioned breakfast and just want to quiet the craziness in my life, this is where I go. It has a 50's vibe, just because it's so laid-back and simple, which I love.
1	I hadn't been here in years because of the service and prior bad experiences with the food not being prepared correctly. I went to meet a friend for breakfast. The scrambled eggs were very over cooked and like rubber. The hash browns had very little flavor and under seasoned.
4	Lived in the area for years and years and never knew this place was around.  They only do breakfast and lunch, and now they're closed on Sundays, which is a little odd.  A lot of people (like us) only get a chance to go out to breakfast on the weekends, so I'd think that that would cut into their business, but they seem to be doing fine, so what do I know?  Most days are \"seat yourself,\" so there's always interesting jockeying for position if there's a wait.  Counter seating is fun for kids to watch the goings-on in the open kitchen.  \n\nNever had any lunch items, but breakfast is always consistently good, and the servers are fast with a coffee refill.  As the previous review says, there's only one cook at the grill, so things can get a little slow sometimes.  Just chat with the people you came with or bring a book if you're solo.
1	Tried to go there this morning as I keep on hearing about their breakfast.\n\nPulled in at 7:25. The sign says 7-2, the hours on this site says the same... but not a soul stirred in the darkened restaurant.
5	Delicious, very reasonably priced food. Italy's II is tucked away in a back corner- we've driven by often but only this morning found it online. Our waiter was friendly & courteous. The owners are working alongside with a couple young people- not a hoitytoity place at all! We will definitely come back!\nThe one drawback was the smell of glue that was very strong. This is because a new roof was being put on. It did NOT detract from a great tasting breakfast though!
1	Lunch on 12/7/11...a bad choice. Not crowded@ about 1:30 p.m. We always sit in the bar area. Not a good idea to have the bartender wait tables. First...ordered a glass of Sutter Home Pinot Grigio. Was told \"we don't have that now\" and was offered Little Black Dress Pinot. I asked if it was the same price as the Sutter Home..told it wasn't but was advised she would \"give it to me at that price today because I was having a bad day\". Why should I pay more for an \"upsell\" when they didn't have what was on the menu?  Ordered sandwich with fries. Received my meal and the fries were old, shriveled and barely warm..so were my husband's. Obviously, we were given the leftovers from lunch that had been sitting under the heat lamp. Asked for and received freshly made, hot fries. The manager approached our table asking how everything was. I let him know what had transpired. He seemed totally disinterested but he did comp my lunch. The bartender/waitress came with our check and she basically admitted that we were served the \"leftovers\" from the early lunch service. This Applebees has gone downhill in the past several years. We used to have lunch here quite often in the late 1990's but we will not be back. Things have steadily deteriorated the past couple of times we've been here. I don't think it's too much to ask for hot fries and to have an item you offer on the menu. Another example of the lack of quality and concern by chain restaurants!!!!'hmmm
1	This is the worst Applebees I have been too. I went with 5 friends and our waitress was really rude. We all already had two beverages and we did buy food, when we asked for a third round she questioned how many drinks we had, and said well I guess you guys can have another one since you bought food. Then shortly after I received my watered down jagger bomber the waitress came and said are you ready for your tickets? ... right after we received our drinks, we were basically shoved out and didn't feel welcomed at all. Every other Applebees I have never had a problem but this one is just horrible!
4	I have always liked Applebee's. From their food to the service it's definitely deserves a 4 star rating in my book. My husband and I stopped for supper tonight. Tonight was burger night, that meant you could get any burger and fries for $6.99. As enticing as that sounded we decided to order off the 2 for $20 menu. You get one appetizer and certain menu choices for 20 dollars. Our appetizer was the spinach artichoke dip with tortilla chips. This dip is so good. Warm and creamy. The entree I chose was the chicken tenders and fries. It comes with your choice of ranch, honey mustard or bbq sauce. I chose the honey mustard. The chicken strips are good, the breading is lightly seasoned. The fries are crispy, but over salted and seasoned for my taste. The honey mustard sauce is thick, creamy and not too sweet. It's perfect.\nThe service is great. Tonight the place was busy, but our server never faltered on checking on us and making sure we were taken care of. I will be back as this is one of my favorite restaurants,
1	August 27, 2013  5:15pm. I ordered the 7 oz sirloin medium rare with mashed potatoes and broccoli. The veggies were fine, so was the service.\n\nThe water in my glass was nasty metallic tasting. My steak was easily the worst meat I've ever been served in my life. It was an odd looking long banana-shaped thing that did not taste like beef at all. Maybe it was goat or horse but IT WAS NOT BEEF.\n\nIt sort of tasted like the jerked goat burgers I had in Jamaica. I've been eating beef my entire life, this tasted nothing like, looked nothing like, and had the consistency nothing like any beef I've ever had, in my life.\n\nDon't think I'll be going back there. Ever.\n\nI did not want to complain at the store because there is no coming back from being served a piece of meat like this, it should have never been served to a human customer. Complaining only jeopardizes your safety in any restaurant. Never send food back to the kitchen for replacement is my philosophy. We simply cut short our visit and got the hell out without saying a word. I'll express my displeasure by never returning.
2	I really want to like this Applebee's but I just don't. I keep trying and am disappointed every time. We recently went there for dinner and the service was AWFUL. They were sort of busy but not THAT busy. We placed an order for an appetizer which came out after our meal was served. This is the THIRD time this has happened there. I don't understand why this is so difficult to get right!? Our waitress gave a pathetic , \"Eh, sorry\" and walked away. You could at least ACT like you cared a smidgen. No drink refills either, which irked me.\n\nLunch is somewhat better. At least the service is, anyway. I do love their all you can eat salad and soup at lunch. \n\nI am also not sure why, but the ice tea at this Applebee's and at the IHOP across the street taste funny. Maybe the water? Apparently other people have commented on it as well, because the wait staff have agreed some people notice that taste. \n\nIt is a slightly longer drive to go to the Applebees on Gilbert, but I feel like the service is definitely better there, and that is where we will be going from now on.
1	Headed to Applebee's with my family for the first time in a long time last night.... I ordered the chipotle chicken strips with macaroni and cheese off of the two for 25 menu and my food was served to me lukewarm and the macaroni Tasted old. When I complain in a nice way my waiter took my meal back to the kitchen and the other two people in my party pretty much had their dinner done by the time my food finally came back.   and when it came back it was piping hot and very good.   I was thinking that the manager would come over because I had to send my food back or that the server would comp  my meal or give us a free dessert none of that happened    pretty disappointing.  We will not go back to Applebee's at all especially this one
2	Something about this particular Applebee's is off-putting. The food wasn't as good as others, the interior wasn't as inviting and like others, the waiters would all meet up at the bar and talk to each other until someone walked in to be seated.\n\nWould be ideal if they moved out and they were replaced. Will try to avoid it.
5	First time at this Mesa, AZ Applebees. Wonderful service, thanks Kailani! My moms salad was made just right and my chicken tenders and fries were perfect. We splurged and had the triple chocolate melt desert. Wow! Loved it! I'm from Charleston, SC and I will be backi to this Mesa Applebees when I come to visit!
2	Why is this place busy?  Burger and salmon were both over cooked; third entre presentation was blah. Service was slow but friendly. Used up a $50 gift card on 3 meals and one dessert so no need to go back!
4	I like Applebee's. It's my wife's favorite restaurant. I go for we go there. You get two entrees and an appetizer to split. Tonight we got the 2 for 20. Mine was the quesadilla burger, hers was the chicken tenders. The order came with French fries. Our appetizer was the spinach artichoke dip with nacho chips. As always the dip was good. Creamy and smooth, almost want to just eat it with a spoon good. I ordered the quesadilla burger which was my first time ordering this. This is a hamburger wrapped in a quesadilla made with Monterey Jack cheese. The burger was cooked perfectly to my specifications. It was sandwiched in a quesadilla composed of melted cheese, Pico de Gallo. and grilled flour tortilla. It was a good burger. The only thing that would have made it a 5 star burger would have been chipotle or taco seasoning on the burger. As it was it was a little bland. I got some Tabasco to spice it up a little. The fries were crispy not soggy. I hate soggy. \nThe service was excellent. It was a full house tonight and Samantha was right there servicing out table as if we were the only ones there. The restrooms were clean and well maintained. This one is a keeper in my book giving it a 4 star rating.
1	serously my son and I had the chipote steak, it was so salty I couildn't eat it.  yuk
2	Not so happy, happy hour at this Applebee's. \n\nHappy hour is awesome typically at any Applebee's, but the amount of time it took for us to get everything we ordered was disappointing. When we were first seated it took our waitress about 10 minutes to even acknowledge that we were new customers waiting to give our order. Once we ordered our drinks it took another 10 minutes to have them delivered (2 beers isn't a mix drink that a bartender has to create, right out of the tap, should have taken 5 minutes tops). When our waitress finally delivered our drinks, she ran to the table dropped the bees off and darted away, at this time we were ready to order our food and she didn't even ask us if we were ready. After flagging her down we were finally able to order our food. After about 35 minutes we flagged her down again for she had walked past our table several times and didn't give us an update about what was taking so long, nor ask us if we wanted another round of drinks. Once our food finally came out, things didnt get any better. The buffalo wings were tasty, but my steak was dry and tough. The mashed potatoes and broccoli that came along with my steak wasn't awful tasting, but also nothing special. My friend ordered a burger and said the same thing. It's just a burger nothing awesome about it but nothing nasty about it.\n\nIm sure the kitchen gets backed up during happy hour, but that is when the waiters and waitresses should be on their toes checking on their tables to put the wait for food at ease. At this time the cooks need to make sure they still care about food quality and not worry so much about just getting the food out the door.\n\n*Currently looking for a happy, happy hour place*
4	Well all I can say is the 3 times a year I go to Applebee's I have been satisfied with my meal and the service is decent as well .yesterday I sat in the bar and had the nachos as I said I thought they were good and the waitperson was polite and \nEffeciant
1	I have stayed away from Applebee's for several years as they ALWAYS made a mistake on my order. I always order car side to go. I am a busy professional and I eat out quite frequently. I placed my order. As always, my order was not on time. (When I placed my order online I was given a time it would be ready ) I waited a good 10minutes before I was acknowledged. I received my order in another 15minutes. I get home and I find out that they messed up my order. Mind you it's 115 degrees outside and I live about 15-20min away. I call the store to speak with a manager. She offered to remake my meal and I would travel to go pick it up or she could report it to Corporate and they would send me something. It was hot out and I was tired. I opted for Corporate to send me something. I received two $5 coupons. The audacity...the insult!! I am sure I spent close to $40 on my order. The $5 coupon is a slap in the face! I will not take time out of my day to order a meal and be treated poorly as a customer! I had the expectation that my meal would be replaced and not at my expense! #WorstExperienceEver #LostMeAsACustomer
5	Yes, yes I am really giving it a 5 star rating. First off let me start out by saying we had a $10 buck gift card and that is really what prompted the visit. \n\nI ordered the clubhouse grill with no bacon. It has turkey and ham with a BBQ sauce. I wasn't expecting it to be a melt but it hit the spot. Managed to take a picture.  That and fries with two sides of ranch and I was in heaven. My husband had the endless soup and salad lunch special. First up for him was French onion soup and a spinach and shrimp salad. Next the chilly and an Asian chicken salad. Both were great and although we had not planned on getting desert our awesome waitress who filled my water glass a million times without me noticing talked us into brownie bites for 99 cents. So cute these small triangle brownies and one scoop of ice cream. I wish I would have remembered my camera. The place was clean the food was good and the service was great!  I wasn't expecting to give it 5 stars but it really couldn't have gone any better. Delicious!
4	These guys are great. They come out to my car so I don't have to leave my babies to run in. $5 dollar pizza in 10 seconds. Feeds our whole family. Can't beat it.
2	It's pretty gross, but just barely edible and if you drown it in ranch it's not bad.  ---Yelpers give me a break I was buzzed and it was only $5 bucks.
1	I just waited 30 minutes for a hot and ready. I had no warning that they were that behind. Very frustrating run to Little Cesar's.
4	Yes, I bribe my students with pizza parties. It effectively motivates them to work hard. This pizza is cheap and the students always gobble it up. I personally don't eat it, but I'm a pizza snob. Thanks for making a cheap pizza that kids love!
5	Based on last night's meal, and easy Five yelp stars.  This may be unfair because I have been to this restaurant so many times over the last eight years and I know what I like and what to avoid!  This food is extremely consistent!  Every time each dish is as it was on previous visits.  \n\nFirst I ordered Fresh Rolls! These are the largest Fresh Rolls of any place I have been!  Their \"Peanut\" Sauce is the most unique, House-made for sure, super thin, sweet and sour with minced peanuts on top.  The Fresh Rolls earn 4.5 stars and the Peanut Sauce gets 4.1 stars.\n\nOne of my Favorite Thai Dishes (when it is done well) is stir fried Thai Basil with Beef (my friends and I call it Basil Beast)!  What I like about Thai Orchids approach to Beef Basil is the beef is very good, it has very few other ingredients, Garlic, Peppers, Soy based sauce and Thai Basil.  This simple recipe yields one of my favorite versions of this dish!  The Rice is Jasmine I think.  This dish gets an easy 5 yelp stars every time I have eaten it here!!!\n\nFor Dessert, Custard with Sticky Rice!  Tastes much better than my photo conveys.  I'm glad I got it though would not order it without a couple of people to share it with and last night I ate it all!!!  I have to keep reminding myself I'm on a diet!
1	Gross. We ordered three entrees and had them delivered by Door Dash. The Pad Thai was the best out of the three, but still mediocre. The stir fry veggie with chicken smelled like a horses stable and had my son spitting it back out on to his plate; he eats anything. Mine was the orange chicken and I promise you it was not chicken. I'm praying we don't all get sick.
5	Love it here! Pad thai is awesome and my wife loves the red curry. I recommend those two items highly. The owner is a great guy and I guarantee you'll enjoy your evening there.
5	This is the best Thai food Ive had in the States. The Tom Kha soup is on point, the perfect balance of savory and sweet. I had amazing curry and they even had the traditional Thai dessert.... mango and sticky rice! This is the best Thai restaurant in Charlotte. Don't go anywhere else for Thai food!!!!
5	Thai Orchid is absolutely my favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte.  I have been going there for 10 years and have never had less than a fantastic experience.  The staff are friendly, service is quick, and the food knocks out all of the competition.  The atmosphere is less sophisticated (but more interesting) than pricier Thai restaurants whose food cannot compare.  They are also really helpful and knowledgeable when customers have dietary restrictions.
1	DO NOT EAT here!!! We ordered last night. My boyfriend hadn't eatin since lunch around noon. He got home late and we went to pick up the food around 8pm. He got the number 20 with seafood. About an hour later he spent the entire night throwing up and having diarrhea. I called first thing in the morning to warn them and the manager was EXTREMELY rude. Didn't care and kept saying \"well what can I do about it\" I told him he probably should not sell that batch of soup and at least refund that meal. He would not do anything and said there is no way of knowing it was from his food. So disappointed, what awful service.
2	Even the Pad Thai which had tasted great on our first visit now it's not so good. Maybe the chef only works dinners because like on our last visit the food tasted reheated. In fact the sprouts and vegetables were totally limp as if they had the life zapped out of them by the microwave and the dish tasted kind of boring. \n\nI won't be back.
5	This restaurant helped me find my love for thai food.  The fresh rolls with tofu are my absolute favorite.  I could eat them every day.  Love that this is a hidden gem, tucked away in a shopping center not seen from the main road.
4	This place still has some of the best lunch specials in the Southpark area.  Before I spent two weeks in Thailand, I thought it was great.  Now I just think it is one of the best choices in Charlotte.
1	I had ordered yellow curry fried rice..and when I opened the take out box was shocked to see the so called fried rice with just shredded chicken and just \"2\" raw shrimps on top.... Never expected this from Thai orchid and you charge 14 dollar for this!!!!! Will never visit again !!
4	Authentic Thai cuisine that's very reasonably priced, they've been around the neighborhood forever and are always delivering awesome quality at great prices.
2	Thai Orchid is an OK Thai restaurant.  The lunch specials are moderately priced and small enough for you to not want to take a nap right after eating.  I mainly get the Pad Thai when I visit because it's usually the 1 out of 4 dishes I recognize on the menu.  I've had better, but it's decent. \n\nToday I was happy to see that they had Pad Prik King (or Pad Prig King depending on the restaurant) on their lunch menu today so that is what I ordered.  Next to the item it indicated it was of medium heat (spice wise) and I was fine with that because I can tolerate some pretty good heat.  When it came in front of me I was happy to dive in!  My first bite started off with a good flavor....until about 3 seconds later when the heat hit.  Holy moly, it was so hot I almost started to cry right in front of my co-workers!  I thought maybe I picked up a Thai Chili by accident in that bite, so I drank some water and had some plain rice to cool down the fire and tried again....MISTAKE!  I couldn't believe how spicy it was!  I couldn't even eat the spring roll that comes with the lunch because the heat (temperature) from the spring roll was only making it worse!  I asked a co-worker to try it just to make sure for some reason that my tolerance for spice today wasn't lowered, but he couldn't eat it as well!  He can sit in front of me and eat a raw jalapeno seeds and all and not even flitch and he couldn't stomach this dish.  \n\nI've ordered the Pad Prik King for dinner once and definitely know that it wasn't nearly as spicy as it was today!  It was actually quite tasty and that was why I was excited to see it as a lunch special.\n\nUsually Thai Orchid is ok, especially for a quick lunch and it's proximity from our office, but I really can't see myself coming back here.  Next time I'll stick with what I know and travel a little further to my favorite Thai restaurant in the Dil'!
2	Ok I really hated writing this review, but I had to.  I used to come to this place for lunch, and although not the best Thai I ever had, it was ok.  I never had a BAD experience.\n\nWell...the other night, I got take out and it was not good. It couldn't even squeak by as decent.  And I don't like to say that, because everyone at this place is nice, the restaurant is inviting, but this was awful. \n\nI ordered pad kee mao...like usual.  I got onions only on top. The order came out quickly, and I was greeted by very friendly people.  They took my order, I paid and got the food in a matter of minutes.  I went right home to eat only to find my noodles were so dry and sticky.  They stuck together and almost formed balls due to the stickiness. There was no sauce at all.  I was so disappointed.  I honestly only had two bites and had to throw it away. \n\nIt's a pricey meal to have to throw away.  And it really upset me.  I think that it will be the last time trying this place. I just can't anymore.  It's very unfortunate.
4	Great place. We've been there three times now. Very tasty thai. Great prices. Good service. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the location is bland.
4	Food is good. Atmosphere is nice. This place is definitely hidden. I would of never heard of it or went if it wasn't for our living social deal. I got the pad kee Mao and it was flavorful. Husband got the curry. Only complaint I have is that my meal came with several vegetables in it and I only requested onions. They charged me a $1 extra for that. I have no idea why since it was just a substitution and wasn't asking for anything extra. Other than that, it was good.
4	The best Thai food in Charlotte.  I have been a customer ever since the owners ran a Thai restaurant on Central Ave.  I used to travel to Asia a good deal and one of my Thai customers visited me here in Charlotte.  I tried taking him to several different Charlotte restaurants, but he always pulled out a bottle of tabasco sauce that he carried with him.  Taking the hint I decided to take him to Thai Orchid and he was extremely impressed.  He ordered all the dishes Thai native spicy and we ate outside in the 95 degree heat. (this was back in the day when they had an outdoor patio).  I would have rather eaten inside, but he was as happy as a clam eating spicy food outside in the middle of July.  He loved their food and said it was the best meal he had eaten since he had been in the US.\n\nSome of my favorites are:  mee krob, squid salad, chicken larb, kang dang curry, green curry special, pad thai and the boneless chicken wings.\n\nThe service is very friendly as well -- they don't call Thailand the \"land of smiles\" for nothing, and these folks carry on that tradition.
2	The food at Thai Orchid is mediocre - period- full stop. I've been an occasional customer for years and I have never had a dish I would consider well-prepared with quality ingredients. Why do I return? Because of convenience - I live within walking distance and sometimes we want something quick to bring home to eat. The other evening we picked up cold duck salad, crispy fried rolls, Thum Yum soup, and a #38 ginger and veggies with beef. A new low for us. The soup was flavorless; the duck salad was missing the advertised crispy noodles, and the #38 was filling, but boring with limp flavorless vegetables. Plenty of ginger though. The rolls were crisp, but lacked any depth of flavor.
4	We hit up this quaint little spot last night to celebrate the birthday of Mr. Poprock Photography. :D  Needless to say, it's nestled away in a shopping center that pops up out of nowhere (especially in the dark).\n\nIt's really small, but adorable! I felt like I was walking into someone's home.  At 7 PM, they weren't busy; it was a bit awkward for it to be so quiet, even with music playing in the background.\n\nLuckily, Tonya & Billy are foodies like my boyfriend & I, so we sampled quite a few of Thai Orchid's offerings.  \n\nFresh rolls: Heaven on a plate. I am such a big fan of fresh (spring) rolls & these were amazing.  First of all, they were HUGE! Packed tight & full of ingredients. The peanut sauce was spicy & hot & a perfect compliment.\n\nSpring rolls: Just the right amount of crunch & ingredients. The spicy sauce was hot & spicy, too.\n\nChicken wings: Cooked perfectly & again, the accompanied sauce was yes, hot & spicy!  Tonya & I both agreed it would have been tastier if they tossed the wings in the sauce prior to serving. Maybe next time, we can ask politely. :)\n\nI had the shrimp fried rice, which wow, the medium sized plate was overflowing with rice goodness.  I was a little taken a back due to having tomato chunks in it, as well as the shrimp having their tails still on.  Due to snacking away on appetizers, I was unable to finish my rice, but Shawn will enjoy it for lunch. \n\nShawn, Tonya & Billy all enjoyed their dishes of flounder, jasmine rice, & Chicken Pad Phed.  \n\nOur waitress was nice & checked on us just the right amount.  Our water glasses stayed full.\n\nLike Nicole, I am giving 3.5 stars, but bumping up to 4 for the appetizers & portions.
4	I had a hankering for Thai food and thought I would stop in. It's tucked in to a little shopping mall, so it's a little hard to find. The food was VERY good and the service was excellent. It's nice and quiet and clean.\nMy dining partner and I had fried tofu, Thai tea, and tom kha soup. Delicious!!\nWe did have to ask for spices for our food and for straws, etc. Otherwise, excellent, near perfection.
4	We used to live in Strawberry Hill when we first moved to Charlotte, and haven't been back to Thai Orchid since then (don't know why?). Checked it out again & I'm glad we did.\n\nWe started with the fresh rolls - they were really good, especially with the dipping sauce. It had a nice kick! \n\nI had the chicken and shrimp Pad Thai and my husband ventured into something new - the Gai Nei Lung. It looked like a stir fried chicken, vegetable, cashew combo that's served in a really cool fried egg noodle basket. Great presentation! We both thought it was a little bland, but next time we'll ask for it spicier. \n\nThey seem to do a lot of takeout orders and I noticed they are part of the Foodie Call service (I've never used it, need to check it out). If you're looking for a new Thai spot, check it out!\n\nP.S. here is the link to their menu: http://www.thaiorchidrestaurantcharlotte.com/exotic-cuisine-services
4	Until tonight, I have never understood my husband's obsession with Angel Wings. For all the years I've known him, virtually every time we've ordered Thai takeout (which was quite often in San Francisco) he's doggedly opted for these weird deep-fried chicken wings stuffed with all manner of whatnot, They've always seemed greasy, bland despite the long list of ingredients, an affront to the explosion of flavor that I associate with Thai food.\n\nTonight, however, when he took me to Thai Orchid in his old stomping grounds in Charlotte, I finally got it. These were made with a level of love not ever seen before in the fried Thai chicken department. The secret seems to be steaming your de-boned stuffed wings so they stay wonderfully moist, then bathing them in a buttermilk batter before you deep-fry them. Man, they were good.  \n\nFor my part, I played it safe but successfully with a chicken pad khing sod, which included ginger, mushroom, snow peas, green onions and napa cabbage. It was also very flavorful, just the right amount of ginger.\n\nMy main quibble with our dining experience was that they served us way too fast! It's not always a good thing to be sat, served and delivered your check in 47 minutes. This is not necessarily the place to come for a long, lingering dining experience. That said, the people were nice as could be and we'll back back whenever we're next in Charlotte.
2	I went with my wife last night for a quick dinner.  Prices are better than other thai spots around here, but not as low as this ex-new yorker is used to paying.  We sat out in the covered porch area, which was good because the inner section of the restaurant had a old, stale smell to it.  Otherwise the decor and ambience was fine - it is more of a place for older people, not trendy at all, which is fine by me.\n\nThe food was meh.  The spring rolls were plain but fine.  My wife loved both the Thai beer and her coco-milk soup, however my pad thai was cloying sweet, without the acidic notes of tamarind or lemon.  It wasnt bad at all, but nothing special at all.  \n\nThe service was fine, though the one waitress passed a few times to ask us if we wanted more beer even though our glasses were still over half-full.   It is hard to find in the shopping complex, not right on Providence Road as our GPS was telling us.\n\nIf I need a quick Thai fix in the area I might do it again, but otherwise probably not.
4	I was surprised that I'd not discovered this sooner. I've been here twice so far and both times have not been disappointed. I'd recommend that if you like it spicy, to tell them (I ordered a dish with two peppers beside it and it was not that spicy - we fixed that on the second visit). The thai iced tea was delicious, and the tofu cubes nice and crisp withe the vegetable dishes I ordered. Love this place.
2	I've eaten a lot of Thai food and cook a lot of Asian foods (I'm Asian) so I had very high expectations coming here for lunch. We ordered the lunch specials Pad Thai and Yellow Curry, along with a plate of chicken larb. The food came out hot and fresh and the waitresses were very nice but there was more to be desired with the food. \n\nThe larb came to the table warm and had mint leaves that was already turning black. Either the larb was old or the mint leaves used were not fresh. I've made and eaten enough larb to know that mint leaves don't turn black until at least the next day. \n\nThere was nothing overly special about the pad thai or yellow curry. Nothing in flavor that screamed \"Wow that was REALLY good.\" \n\nPlus: lunch came with a hot soup and hot crispy spring roll and both were really good!
5	4.5 Stars, rounded up to 5 because of their sublime Pad Thai!\n\nLet me cut to the chase, the Pad Thai here is the best I've had in Charlotte! PERFECT blend of Sweet Heat, fish sauce, spices and herbs. Very tasty and perfectly cooked noodles made this a delectable dish!\n\nAlso got their Beef Basil Stir Fry which was outstanding, and a Thai Omelet with a red tomato based sauce with chicken and veggies.\n\nThe little Thai waitress was adorable, friendly and attentive. I actually had my FIRST Thai red wine...and it was pretty good! Had NO idea what I was drinking but it sure was tasty!\n\nThis is a small restaurant but I came early before it got crowded. This place has been in business for at least 15 years and apparently it has survived in the very competitive food scene for a reason: Their food is EXCELLENT! And not too hard on the wallet either.\n\nHighly recommended!
5	Kismot, you are one of the most impressive restaurants I have been to in Edinburgh.  There are two parts to this story that show why I think this.\n\nFOOD:\nJust superb.  Easily the best Indian food that I have eaten thus far.  I was part of a large group of over 20, and we paid a fixed price each to get a large number of naans and bhajees, and a selection of different curries along with plentiful amounts of rice.  All of the curries were incredibly tasty, and most of them didn't last long at all on our table.\n\nKismot also provides some interesting dishes that I have not seen replicated anywhere else.  You can get chocolate naan (no, that's not a typo!), which sounds worth a go, although I haven;t tried it myself.  They also serve what they call the 'Kismot Killer', a stupidly hot curry that sounds more like torture than food.  If you can eat it all, you get it for free, though their website suggests, and I quote: \"It is recommended that you put your toilet roll in the freezer when you return home.\"  You actually have to sign a disclaimer before you eat it!\n\nSERVICE:\n\nThe restaurant is run by a family team, with the parents in the kitchen, and the eldest son commanding the front of house.  It goes without saying that the parents do a great job behind the scenes in the kitchen.  It is the front of house experience that puts the icing on the ca.....curry for me.  Throughout the meal, we were attended to in the ideal way - attentive, but not intrusive.  Orders were taken in a cheery manner, and he even joked with us as we sat and waited.  His manners were truly impeccable, and he saw us out of the restaurant personally at the end of the meal.  I have never before or since experienced better customer service.\n\nAs you can see, I LOVE this place.  You just have to go there.  Cancel tonight's dinner plans, and make a reservation at Kismot.  You will keep coming back for more!
4	Great family run Indian,authentic dishes,good portions and added bonus of BYOB!Reasonably priced and the home of the famous Kismot Killer...try if you dare!Great selection of twists on Indian classics,i.e. chocolate nan!Relaxed surroundings,great for groups and service was fun and friendly.
5	I am not sure why I haven't done a review of Kismot earlier as this is one of my favourite  restaurants in Edinburgh. I have been coming here for a number of years and I think this is due to the proximatey of the Auld hoose - alternative music, a couple of brews and then onto a curry. Cannot beat that of an evening for me. \n\nOnto the restaurant the decor has had a little bit of a face lift of late with some newly designed posters, as has the menu. Not going to go into too much detail as previous reviewers have mentioned this, but it is a good thing. One thing that stuck me is the new additions to the menu - Kismot Naga pickle and Iron Bruna, yep a curry with Irn Bru. \n\nThis is a family run restaurant and the sons greet you on the door with a bit of friendly banter. You can see the other family members beavering away in the kitchen when you first enter.  \n\nThe food here is always up to high standards and our last outing was no exception. We opted for the pickle trays, poppadoms, raitha and naga chilli pickle. all washed down with lots of Mango lassi. The starter was great but the naga chilli in particular was excellent, beware this comes with an 18 certificate warning and is very spicy. \n\nThe main courses were Veg Madras, Chicken Masalla, Prawn passanda and Chicken Tikka North Indian Chilli Garlic. All were great their Chilli Garlic is still my favourite version of this disk in Edinburgh. One thing to bear in mind you get lots of rice and the nans are large so unless you ha vent eaten all day a rice and nan portion does 3 easily. Either that or it was something to do with the fact we order another jug of lassi, but i don't think I ever come away as full eating any where else. \n\nThumbs up from me.\n\nFavourite dishes here:\n\n- Mums Desi Khani, homemade curry with limited availability. Worth a try if you are there at the weekend. \n- Mango lassi by the jug\n- Bhindi\n- North Indian Chilli Garlic\n- Any of the Madras dishes\n- Naga Chili pickle, beware very spicy\n- Methi \n- Raitha
5	Without a doubt one of the finest Indian restaurants in Edinburgh. The inviting and friendly atmosphere, of which the Ali family are very proud, immediately creates a pleasant eating environment. The food itself is excellent, combining the traditional dishes you would expect of any self-respecting curry house with a wide array of regional specialities. Particularly good is the North Indian Chilli Garlic, and as a man who doesn't like to have his palate destroyed by excessive spice, its strength (as with all the dishes) can be adjusted to your taste. And why not accompany your curry with the strange sounding but weirdly delicious chocolate nan bread\n\nAlthough alcohol is not served, there is the option of BYOB with the added advantage of no corkage. Kismot pride themselves on a fun atmosphere and as a result it is an ideal place to book large parties, with their group menus affordable and surprisingly varied.\n\nOverall then an excellent place, whether for a great group night out or if you want to try the infamous Kismot Killer, vying for the place of spiciest curry in Scotland.
5	This was the best and spiciest curry I found in Edinburgh.\n\nIt was also had the single best restaurant decor I have EVER seen. The place is literally family-run and they're some of the most hospitable and friendly people in the world.\n\nI went on a curry tour of Edinburgh while I was on holiday. I've eaten curry on three continents now and, back home, I like to get my Indian take-away and add both habaneros and ghost pepper hot sauce to it before I eat it. Curry, and especially spicy curry, is very much an essential part of my life. So I picked a new Indian joint each night while I was in the city in an attempt to find it.\n\nThe Kismot Killer wasn't available at the time I showed up but I was advised by my waiter (one of the coolest, most welcoming guys I've ever met) it's so spicy that it takes away from the actual FLAVOR of the curry, anyway. Let's be honest, there's a point when spicy becomes less about flavor and enjoyment than pure ego.\n\nSo I got the next spiciest curry on the menu - Vegetable Naga - and asked for IT extra spicy, with rice and chapati. The food was EXCELLENT. The dish, even without modification, was ACTUALLY a fair amount spicy - which, if I can taste a bit of spice, most people probably shouldn't eat it - and the flavors were SO vivid and pleasant. I would've preferred it spicier by a bit but that's okay, it was still the spiciest curry I was able to find in the city and definitely my favourite. \n\nNext time I go to Edinburgh I shall be visiting again.
5	I was looking for a nice restaurant in Edinburgh while I was in town for a short visit, and decided to give Kismot a try. The food was excellent, and more than sufficiently spicy. Portions were generous, and the staff was very friendly. I am very glad I decided to try this place out.\n\nOne bit of advice: I was lucky to get in without a reservation, as the place was quite busy. If you plan to go, phone ahead.
5	Went on a team night out to Kismot at Christmas and it was fantastic. The service, from the detail they went into at the booking stage (we were a group of 11) to the welcome we received on the night was authentic and real, and I immediately started recommending it to people even before I ate my first bite! We had a sharing menu, which was fabulous value for money. There was so much food we couldn't finish it. Extremely useful to know that it is byob and (at the time of writing) there is NO CORKAGE charge. Yes, no charge! How refreshing. This is a not-many-frills place, plain tables and decor, it's all about the food you see, so if you are happy with that before you go your expectations will be blown away and you will have a great night. It is efficient, clean and friendly, like all the best places in town. The chicken and mango curry was a hit as were the huge pakora that came out as starters. Absolutely lovely family fare. Have a great time when you go - this is some of the best curry in Edinburgh.
4	Others may be so inclined to usher you towards The Mosque Kitchen for some traditional food, but they'd be doing you a massive disservice. Kismot is absolutely one of the tastiest restaurants in Edinburgh. I've been a handful of times, and each time it has been stellar.\n\nA recent development that left me a bit underwhelmed was their menu redesign. The menu has been drastically cut and the star rating system has been scrapped. Now, you're left with merely three levels of heat, mild, medium and hot. I take heat relatively well and medium had me sweating in my seat. \n\nIn case you're wondering, they also offer the Kismot Killer challenge for \uffe120 (I think). It's a ridiculously hot dish that is 99% chilli seeds. Our friend from Bangalore was pressured into accepting the challenge, and he was less than thrilled to be eating it. After three big hulking bites he quit. \n\nThe staff here is stellar. They are super nice, talkative, accommodating and knowledgeable. If they take a liking you may even meet auntie in the back!\n\nThe only reason this place is receiving 4 stars and not 5 is the loudness. The place is very open and conversations echo quite a bit. Therefore... if a stag or hen party is there then you may as well assume you won't be hearing much else than their banter. \n\nThe place is BYOB!
5	My absolute favourite curry in Edinburgh! I always take friends here when they visit and it is consistently delicious! Favourites include the lamb Jalfrezi, saag aloo, pilau, garlic naan and peshwari naan. Although everything I have ever had was delicious. It's on the spicy side, which I love but might not be great for others. The staff are amazingly friendly but not overly pushy, it's a family business and you can watch mom and dad cooking in the kitchen through a window-it's just a great place, great food, great experience.
5	Had a couple of excellent meals here and plan on many more. The huge menu demands return visits! If you feel overwhelmed by the choice on offer the staff are happy to suggest dishes.\n\n\n It's unlicenced, but there is no corkage so pick up some booze from one of the off-licences on Nicholson Street.\n\n\n A tip though: it's a family-run place with a small kitchen staff, so go early, especially if you're a large party. The food is well worth the wait though!
5	I visited Kismot last summer with a group of my friends, a few of which wanted to try the Kismot Killer. Although there was a large table of us (around 12 people) the kitchen accomodated us well with all of the food arriving hot and fresh and on time. The two who ordered the Kismot were baited by the waiter, who had a wonderful sense of humour and engaged our table in witty banter the whole night.\nThe korma that I ordered was absolutely delicious, and I can't be too complimentary about the chocolate filled naan bread (mmm). All in all a wonderful night and I would recommend it to anyone.\nFor a longer review (with pics and quotes from my mates) check out my blog\nhttp://www.jemmaeatworld.com/2011/10/kismot-killer-indian-edinburgh-hottest-curry/
5	Went there last night with a group of friend, wonderful food and fab service
4	A visit to this place is a pleasant experience for more than its cuisine. Service is personal and the affable nature of Ali, the owner's son, is a USP of this place. He welcomes every guest and makes them feel special. Food is really good and I highly recommend Chicken Garam masala, Prawn poori, Methi Chicken and Saag paneer. You can take your own booze, so that's an advantage as well. The only dampners are repititive music (Really they must buy some new CDs) and garish interiors.
5	Easily the best traditional style curry house in Edinburgh, long since recommended but we'd never gotten around to a visit.\n\nWe loved it, the service was great and the knowledge of the food was second to none, able to tailor our flavours to the level of heat we wanted, and since I'm a softie and my wife loves the intense heat this was great.\n\nIt reminded me of the best Indian food I'd eaten as a student, but better.\n\nI cannot wait to go back.
5	This place sets the standard for a family run restuarant. it feels like your guests in their home.\n\nThe food is outstanding, choclate Nan was a bit sickening at first. But i found myself eating the whole thing. For a main I got the Lamb Biryani with some mushroom bhajee on side, everything was perfectly cooked (especially the bhajee, these guys are the only people in the city that do it right). It's all very cheap too!\n\nPlease visit!
4	go here! its amazing food! chana puri :) king prawn jahlfrezie :o and to cope with the burn, pistachio kulfi.oh my god! heaven on a plate wearing a turban..
4	Funky is the first word to come to mind. The place is all pinks and purples and turquoises and dark tables. Even the water jugs are purple or turquoise. There's a plasma screen showing a loop commercial for their King of Curry thing that they do, with their top media hits included. It's kind if distracting watching Jack Whitehall and James Corden crying and drinking bowls of yoghurt, but it kind of fits with the funky thing. If they took out the tables, chucked in a couple of lava lamps and cushions, and maybe tiled one wall with tiny mosaic mirrors, it'd be a cocktail bar nightclub.\n\nBut it's a restaurant. And it is good at being a restaurant. The food hit the spot perfectly; our vegetable pakora/onion bhajis were soft and crispy, while my chicken korma was rich, creamy, plentiful and contained great big hunks of birdy goodness. The peshwari naan don't quite reach the giddy heights of those served at Skipton Balti in Yorkshire (nothing ever will) but they're easily the closest I've had! Sweet and flavoury (still totally a word), they're lined with deliciousness.\n\nThe staff dealt with our considerable party size expertly, even shuffling tables in and out to match our miscounted numbers with not a rolled eye to be seen or a tut to be heard. I was surprised there was no water brought until we asked, well after the arrival of the poppadums at the start, but it was otherwise pretty flawless service too.\n\nIt's a bit outr\u00e9 for my tastes in terms of decor but it's damn fine food, y'all.
5	Everything about Kismot was excellent. Food was outstanding. Great family owned restaurant. You must try Mum's chicken and the massalan chocolate. Incredible and a first for me. I would come back in a heart beat. Staff was great with my young kids and, surprisingly, they enjoyed the good too. Make reservations as it is booked often, we were lucky to be seated without reservations from what we observed. Check it It out if you can.
5	I thought the food in here was brilliant. We went here for my friends birthday and the choice on the menu was brilliant. There was a rowdy table next to us who were tormenting the staff (to say the least) and they dealt with it well. The downside was that it took 1hr 15mins to get any food so make sure you are not famished when you arrive.\nWe ordered one of the new kismot killers for the table to share and it was bloody HOT!!!\nI am usually a jalfreizi person and my partner enjoys a vindaloo, but this is something else. I had one spoonful and felt the burn for about one hour afterwards!! The smell of the kismot killer is not good and you can see a fair amount of chilli seeds in there.\nBut it is all part of the fun!!\nWould go here again, definitely!
5	This may be the best Indian I have ever had.  I've had several curries on this long trip, but wow - this one wins the prize.  They are also BYOB, which is fairly common in the States at Asian and Indian restaurants, but perhaps not as much here?  So it was a very nice treat to bring loads of wine and beer for the group.  Dimly lit, casual atmosphere, and friendly service.  There were about ten of us in a group, but everything went really smoothly.\n\nStarted with some delicious chicken pakoras with a few different sauces, then followed it up with the chicken deshi khani and a side of the best, freshest sag alu I've ever had.  The deshi khani is advertised as being \"limited availability,\" and a special, particularly authentic curry.  Spicy, rich, and succulent, it was one of the best curries I've ever had.  And the sag alu!  Not the fatty (but delicious) creamy spinach you usually get at Indian restaurants, this was fresh and brimming with spice.  Would've been happy to get it as a main with paneer, but I didn't think to do so because I figured it would be pretty standard instead of spectacular, and I was wrong!\n\nMy friend ordered something they used to serve but is no longer printed on the menu and they still make it for her.  Fragrant pilau rice and hot, crispy garlic naan made this such an outstanding meal.  I'd beeline here the next time I was in Edinburgh because as far as I'm concerned, this is as good as Indian gets.
5	This is an excellent family run curry house. The staff are extremely friendly, watch out for the head waiter in his kilt. If you like mild curries, the korma, pasanda, honey and mango curries are all personal favourites. Would be a far more popular restaurant if it was in a better location.
2	We just returned from dinner at Kismot with mixed reviews. We ordered the family curry (literally the curry that the owner-family makes and eats itself), saag panir (spinach with cheese curry), vegetable samosas and two kinds of bread -- naan and garlic paratha. We were welcomed by a very genial host and were ready to love it. However, the samosas were teensy tiny little triangles in filo dough. The filo and two sauces that came with it totally overwhelmed the thimbleful of stuffing. We then waited  and waited and waited for our main courses and bread while people who arrived after us ordered and were served. Our order wasn't  odd or difficult so I'm not sure what the lag was. Usually filling time before dinner conversing with my companion is a joy but we'd had a challenging day and the wait was just too long. Finally the food arrived. The family chicken curry was delicious but I'm not sure it was what I'd actually ordered. The owner and 'warned' me that there was some unusual lemon/lime fruit in the curry that was typical of Bangladeshi food and you could only get it if you have a Bangladeshi friend or traveled there. I was feeling adventurous so I ordered it. The dish was really yummy but nary a Bangladeshi lemon in the whole thing. I asked the host about it and he said the lemon was in the sauce but, seriously, I know what lemon tastes like and it wasn't there. Whatevs. The naan bread was very good too. On the other hand, the saag panir  was seriously under-seasoned and just didn't have much flavor, very atypical of Indian food. The garlic paratha was good while hot but not palatable once it got cold. We were expecting to be wowed based on all the Yelp reviews but this one only gets 2 stars for the underseasoned food and the long long wait.
4	Beware the Kismot Killer - officially Britain's hottest curry. You will be asked to sign a disclaimer before stepping up to this challenge, and if you can eat the whole thing, you get your meal for free!\n\n\n But for those of us with a more sensitive palate and sensible disposition, there is an extremely wide selection of dishes to choose from. If you are feeling too spoilt for choice to choose, the staff are always ready with suggestions.\n\n\n Family-run businesses like Kismot are rare in these times, and you will appreciate the comfortable atmosphere and excellent food.
5	We made a special trip to Kismot because of how well reviewed it is, and it didn't disappoint. On our long walk there, we grabbed a few bottles of wine, and when we arrived we were seated immediately. The staff were constantly smiling as were the patrons. We ordered the garlic naan (huge), the aubergine, the sag paneer, the chicken tikka, a salad, and the pickle appetizer. The sides are each about 2 cups of food, and the chicken dish was about 3 cups. The salad was larger, composed primarily of iceberg lettuce - fine with us, we just wanted some raw vegetables. The chicken was delectably moist and the sauce was perfect. The naan came out warm and fresh. The only thing I wouldn't order again is the pickle app, which had two different kinds of pickle-based sauces (more like a tapanade), one of which was quite bitter, a delicious marmalade type spread, and something else I can't remember. It only cost 4 pounds or so, but we left most of it - being too pickle-y for us - but if you do really enjoy pickles you would probably really like it. Overall, I think our bill for two was around 35 pounds, which is completely reasonable for home cooked Indian food, served up by a local family business.
5	Friendly, efficient service was the icing in the cake of the best lamb saag I've ever eaten. BYOB policy, no corkage charge - what's not to like?
5	I can't believe I like Indian curry so much - NOW!\nWas I glad I went and met my fellow Yelpers at this tucked away place on St Leonard Street. The outside is painted lilac and you might think what is this all about, but it all fits the style they project. I guess its not a typical Indian restaurant you might visit from time to time, but rather something different. I found it very relaxing, clean, customer friendly, attentive, reasonable priced and somehow it reminds me of WINGS, the chicken wings extravaganza in old town.\n\nIts BYOB! Bring your own beer or wine!\n\nI ordered the medium version of Jahore curry sauce with lamb and Garlic and Coriander Nan bread. The lamb was soft and tender. The tomato sauce savory and a bit spicey. Am I glad I went for medium heat as the hot versions will make you twitch :-). One of my Yelper friends spit fire towards the end of the meal. The other was glad to have gotten a spare beer to mellow the burning sensation.\n\nThe menu choices are amazing and you can choose between mild, medium, sweet and sour and hot curry sauces. And if I say hot, its really HOT, but not as hot as the Killer Curry!!!!!!! Yep you heard right. Don't forget to read the small print! \nOther curries that stood out: mild chocolate curry and Iron Bru curry or try Mama's and Papas special curry on bones. Also try Nutella or Haggis or Marshmallow or chocolate nan bread :-)\n\nThe personel was really friendly and very, very attentive. The interior is classy and trendy.\n\nDon't miss out on a fantastic curry experience!
2	The food was just ok and kind of bland.  We have enjoyed Indian food around the globe and neither the food nor the service impressed.  It was Ramadan so maybe that had an effect, but after all the great reviews, we were disappointed.
4	As someone who's not usually a fan of indian restaurants, I have to say i love this place.\n\nRun by two generations of the extremely welcoming Ali family, Kismot offers all the usual dishes you'd expect to find in on the menu in an indian restaurant, but what sets this place apart are the things you certainly wouldn't expect to see.\n\nThe chocolate naan bread, although it may sound strange, goes extremely well with the spiciness of a curry disha dn is definitely worth trying.\n\nWhat i wouldn't recommend to anyone but the bravest is the \"spiciest curry in Scotland\" according to the menu and all the staff. I wasn't plucky enough to give it a go myself, but i having spoken to people that have, I'd say it's definitely not for the faint-hearted!\n\nIn contrast to so many family-run local restaurants, the d\u00e9cor in Kismot is upmarket, clean and elegant. This, combined with the unique atmosphere and great choice of dishes to choose from, is what I think makes it such a success.\n\nFor curry and rice/naan for two people you can expect to pay \uffe125, and there is also the option of BYOB.\n\nDefinitely worth a visit, especially if you're looking for somewhere to cater for large groups.
5	Not only was this the best Indian food I've ever had, it was also some of the best service I've received in any restaurant. I could not recommend this restaurant more. If you're in Edinburgh and you enjoy amazing food served by a talented and incredibly friendly family then this is a restaurant that you must try.
5	We visited Edinburgh, Scotland during Spring Break and heard about this restaurant. The entire family was extraordinarily nice and welcoming. We ordered the Korma and Vindaloo. The pickel tray was amazing with all the breads. We also tried the okra and spinach side dishes and that were perfect. My 6-year old loved the Tandoori Chicken and chocolate milkshakes. We will definitely come back (all the way from Texas)!
5	Kismot opened a few years ago and has been very popular ever since. It offers delicious curries, all cooked by the head waiter's parents. He will endeavour to tell you about his parents cooking behind the scenes, giving this restaurant a personal touch. A great feature is that bringing your own alcohol for a meal is actually encouraged, this is because the familys religious beliefs prevent them from selling it to customers. A great place for an indian meal.
4	We visited due to the excellent reviews on trip advisor....We were not disappointed! Even our taxi driver had had it recommended countless times via word of mouth! \nService was excellent. Lamb was slow cooked to perfection & Naan bread was super! Theonly let down was that we had ordered from the meduium section and the curries were not at all hot. They were very good though. Thank you for a delicious meal! We will definitely recommend to our friends & be back next time were in Edinburgh. Great to see a family restaurant doing so well.
5	Thank you to the Yelp community for turning me and my family onto Kismot. We were not disappointed. What an incredible dining experience! \n\nI am visiting Edinburgh from NYC and I really wish I could take this restaurant home with me. It is a truly \"family run\" establishment. We were greeted by the sons of the husband and wife chefs who work together to make every homemade item on the menu. I wish I had written down all the dishes we had but I can tell you that no matter what you order you will devour every morsel. \n\nIn addition to the outstanding food (my entire family agreed: best Indian food we have EVER had... and we have had a LOT!), the service was top notch. Everything came out in a timely fashion which was so impressive since it was obviously homemade. We got a chance to meet the chef after the meal to praise him and tell him about his fabulous yelp reviews... and then promised to write another to make sure he maintains that 5 star rating he so deserves. \n\nTo anyone visiting Edinburgh... you MUST MUST visit Kismot. We will definitely be back before we depart. \n\nThank you Kismot for a superb experience.
4	The atmosphere and the service there are really good - with Indian music and passionate server. \n\nIt's a little different from other Indian restaurants in Edinburgh. You can firstly choose the main course and then choose the base you like. They have four different kinds of bases with different spice. Ask the waiter there for recommendation! Chicken and lamb suit different bases. I would recommend mild one though. \n\nThe amount of dishes there are quite large. I had to pack eventually.\n\nIt's a little bit expensive compared with other Indian restaurant, but it worth.\n\nSuitable for family/friends reunion.
5	We wanted to grab some Indian food after hiking Arthur's Seat, and this was the first spot we found on our walk back to old town Edinburgh. Man, did we luck out!\n\nThis was so far beyond my expectations. The Chicken Deshi Khani was out of this world, incredibly spicy but not incredibly hot, if that makes sense. Just wonderful. The lamb biriyani was also great, and garlic naan... very yuummmm.\n\nVery happy we had the serendipity to stumble on Kismot, it was fantastic!
4	Very friendly service with some secret recipe treats included to make the meal more interesting and fun. Good selection of curries, but get there early or book ahead. Plenty of vegetarian options too.
5	We did some intensive research on where to eat for our recent trip to Edinburgh and are so glad we stumbled on this true gem of a restaurant to experience.\n\nI'd checked out the menu and website so was really looking forward to the 'family run' and 'authentic' Kismot.\n\nEven from the initial call to reserve our table there was warm and friendly service and a cheeky chappie attitude!\n\nWe arrived in a taxi as the actual restaurant was situated outside of the City Centre where we stayed and even the taxi driver had heard great things about the place!\n\nWe were greeted like family and it was clear from how busy the place was that it's a favourite of a lot of people.\n\nWe'd considered taking beer as it's BYOB Establishment but decided to try sample the novelty of just the curry instead.\n\nThe staff were very buzzy, and we were seated in the corner by the window where we had ample opportunity for people watching and the to see into the kitchen which is a great experience in itself! (the mam and dad do the cooking and the boys/cousins/uncles do the waiting on!)\n\nWe had poppadoms to chow over while we considered the menu and with them the BEST pickle try ever- all were tasty, tangy and plentiful!\nWe ordered a starter to share and i just had to try Kismot Naga pickle- just to be able to say I'd tried it! (the Mr had a sweat on just thinking about it!)\n\nWell- it pained my insides so PLEASE take care should you feel brave enough to try it!!!!!!!! The small pot of it which was brought was sufficient to taste but not over indulge!\n\nThe starter of mixed tikka was HUGE! All the meat was of a good quality and the salad was a nice accompaniment.\n\nThe staff were very attentive and when we had a time to wait or a break between courses one of them always came over to check we were doing OK and just have general chit-chat! We honestly felt like very special friends.\n\nFor main course we had-\nLamb Ada- cooked with fresh ginger, tomatoes, lemon & methi leaves and strong Eastern Spices.\nChicken Zeera- roast cumin seeds, fresh herbs & coriander.\nGarlic Nan.\n\nAgain, the portions were HUGE, not really a complaint but the 'not so skinny brother'  might have taken a bit of offence that we were well and truly stuffed and seemed like we hadn't even made a dent in the food and had this not been the 1st of out 2 night stay we would have certainly taken the rest home!\n\nThe meat was great quality and the flavours just as described, definitely notes of food made with experience and love.\n\nThe bill was almost embarrassingly minimal for what we had enjoyed but it just shows you don't have to pay over the odds to get truly good food and great service!\n\nWe had a great time at this place and have recommended it to everyone who will listen for when they visit Edinburgh.\n\nWe hope to get back to it one day.
5	Kismot shuts for a family holiday in February, it closes for almost a whole month and this is one of the reasons for my increase in curry reviews... That month made me realise that while some other purveyors of curry are really good, I rate Kismot above them.\n\nThey also recently reworked the menu, dropping a few of the less popular specialities and streamlining it. It now separates the curries by spiciness, so depending on what you fancy you can focus on one part.\n\nAs the old adage goes, absence makes the heart grow fonder, Kismot has earned five stars from me, I keep coming back and it really is the best curry in Edinburgh.
5	Some of the best Indian food I've had anywhere. I'm from Chicago which has plentiful Indian restaurants and we were curious what Indian food in the UK would be like. Kismot was so delicious I wish it was in my neighborhood at home. If it were I'd be going once a week. The pickle platter was very interesting and the curries were perfect. The service (by the mom and pop who run the place) was warm and the prices reasonable.
5	I thought I wasn't in the mood for Indian food so we tried another place first but were turned away not, having booked. Our second choice turned out only to be a lunch place, now closed for the evening. A pub crowded with students did not appeal. We decided to try Kismot since it was next door to the noisy pub. Although without a reservation, we were seated immediately. Having only a hour before the concert we wished to attend, we ordered only one dish to share plus two kinds of naan. The garlic coriander naan arrived fairly quickly. It tasted only mildly of its toppings. The cheese naan arrived with our main dish and was really delicious. Finally the main dish arrived. It was a revelation: chocolate massallam. This was the most amazing thing I tasted during the ten days we spent in London and Edinburgh. It didn't taste exactly like chocolate, but had a rich flavor so unexpected and delicious that after Jeremy left to the concert, I stayed behind to finish every bit of it. One caveat: this does not come with rice. If desired, rice must be ordered separately.\n\nI told our server we'd be back every day to sample more of their menu but sadly, that was not to be. Returning to Kismot will be a top priority next time I'm in Edinburgh.
5	For my money this is the best curry house in Edinburgh and would not look out of place up against the better ones in my home town of Glasgow.\n\n\n You can taste the individual spices and the fresh herbs in their cooking. They even know how to do decent pakora which is a rarity on the east coast.\n\n\n The head waiter (who is the son of the family) was very friendly without being overbearing and was very accommodating when it came to requests for the strength of one of the curries to be toned down.\n\n\n BYOB is great and really makes this a good value night out. The home delivery service is just as good.
5	Kismot is a family run restaurant that has excellent food and service! They do not serve alcohol but have no problem with you bringing your own. They even remind you of this when making the booking. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by the son and seated promptly. The decor is modern and the ambiance has a lively feel.\n\nWe tried a few different curries, tarka dhal, and the garlic naan. Everything was delicious and we were stuffed beyond belief. I cannot emphasize how great the service was here. They make you feel as if you were invited to eat at their home with mum and dad cooking. Wonderful place and a must try!
5	Just dined here last evening on a trip to Edinburgh. Read their #1 reviews on trip advisor and had to stop by for a bite. It definitely met all my expectations. Personalized service, home cooked authentic food. I always return home from a trip craving a meal from my own kitchen, tired of mass produced, restaurant food. The owners parents are the cooks, and the home cooking really shines through. I ordered the lamb rogannjosh with garlic naan. Lamb was fork tender, curry well seasoned and containing bits of fresh veggies chopped up, including sliced tomato. This curry was made with loving hands, not poured from a jar! Bravo! I have no doubt you'll enjoy your meal if you stop by! My only regret was that I couldn't taste all the unique curries offered, but I guess that's just a reason to go back ((tummy growls))
4	Always come here for wine, had never tried the food until recently. Had the braised pork strozapretti pasta, I enjoyed it and am looking forward to trying more of the menu. I'd say the food was a solid 3.5, but the service was outstanding! Our waitress was very kind and patient with us as we continued to mix up our wine choices. \nHow sad that patio season is over. That definitely added to our enjoyment, but it will not stop me from warming up with some wine in the winter here.\nPress made for a great evening!
4	Thought i would give press another shot and my experience was definitely better. Our server was very professional and prompt. The goat cheese dip was outstanding. We were all fighting for the last piece. My mother got some sort of pumpkin pasta and after giving it a try she had to keep fighting my fork away. I got a black bean sandwich. Wasn't anything outstanding. Kind of just tasted like only black beans. Maybe a slaw or corn relish would bump up the flavor. The salad it came with was delicious. Very refreshing. Happy hour wine prices were very reasonable. I'm glad I tried press out again.
5	Sooooo my friends were passing through CLE via 90, en route to Vermont from Illinois.  I got the phone call \"Be here in two hours.  Can you find a spot that is convenient to get to from 90?\"\n\nSo I picked.....Lolita.  Except it's a Friday night.  Holiday weekend. No reservations available.  We decided to wing it and shoot for a first come/first serve spot at the bar.  No luck there either.  \n\nNow what? I KNOW!  Let's go to this wine bar across the street instead.  And so we did.  And what a find it was!!! None of us had wine, though.  My friends are from IL and NYC, and they had never tried Great Lakes Christmas Beer before, so I insisted that they must!   \n\nWe started with the cheese and meat board.  It was the perfect size for four people and contained a very generous and well-thought selection of meats and cheeses.  The pickled radish and the cablanca were my favorite items on the plate. For my entree I had the Press Burger: Red dragon cheese, smoked tomato aioli, arugula, and sliced vidalia onion on a challah bun.  Mmmmm.......one of the better burgers I've had in awhile!  The only thing I would have done differently would have been to caramelize the onion, instead of serving it raw. (Don't get me wrong; I love onion.  But raw onions stay with me for days.) I also tasted my friend Holly's dish: Roasted Chicken Breast which consisted of sage and goat cheese risotto, roasted cauliflower, and mushroom madeira sauce.  Delectable.  The cauliflower had great flavor and the risotto simply melted in my mouth.  \n\nThe decor was beautiful.  Exposed brick walls.  I think there was an old-fashioned butter churn at the bottom of the stairs, leading to the bathroom.  The bathroom sinks looked like wine barrels.   It was a cozy night and it was lightly snowing.  The cozy atmosphere at Press was absolutely perfect.  We decided that Tremont reminds us very much of a neighborhood in Brooklyn called Greenpoint.  A large Polish influence, a bunch of really cute pubs, shops, and restaurants, and a great selection of food.  The homes even look similar.  If you are famliar with Brooklyn, there also appears to be a park in Tremont similar to McCarren park.  \n\nBottom line: I want to make this my new favorite spot. I have lived here since last spring and I don't have a \"favorite spot\" yet.  And I'd be hard-pressed not to pick Press!
4	Best peanut butter torte ever! It was just incredible. Came in with a group of friends for a night cap, but soon we all were eating desert. \nServer was awesome! Very happy girl! \nIn glancing at the food menu, the prices seemed high, yet the place is in a great area, great atmosphere, so you pay extra I guess. I'm going back!
4	Trendy on the corner of Literary and Professor. We just missed Brunch, but the menu looked incredible!\n\nDelighted with the Prussian burger topped with Cleveland sauerkraut, sliced kielbasa, and swiss cheese. Spicy peppers too! \n\nAn Italian sausage and pepercini bianco pizza ... Nicely prepared with perfect crust.\n\nLastly, a Vesper made with cucumber vodka was the perfect dessert!  Yes, they had a limited selections of desserts, but the Vesper was the best choice!\n\nIf you like alcohol, they have a very cool list of each type of alcohol, each wine and beer.  Craft cocktails and martinis as well.\n\nI really recommend this place if you want to people watch or catch some sun!
4	My wife and I came here for dinner/drinks with a large group for a meet up.  \nThe service was polite and prompt. The server was also very knowledgable about the wine and beer. \nMy wife ordered a burger and I asked if I could have one with chicken instead of beef even though this option wasn't listed on the menu. The chef kindly agreed and I'm very glad they did; the sandwich was fantastic.  Very well seasoned, juicy, and the toppings and fries were also delicious. \nThe only thing not loved was the cocktail my wife ordered.
4	This place is bumping already!\n\nWe had a few \"new restaurant\" kinks - our dessert came out before our appetizers and service was a bit slow. But man, everything was very tasty.  I had the fried risotto, which I'm pretty sure was trying to kill me, and it was filled with cheesy delicious risotto and had a crispy fried outside.  \n\nThe wine list is very nice and features a few by-the-tap selections (pretty cool!) and lots of glass options.  The interior is a huge improvement from Lago's cheesy mural.  The wine room looks classy and very modern.  All the beer choices were from different Ohio breweries.  We weren't impressed with the cocktails, but at least that option is there for the non-wine person in the group.\n\nOverall, very nice and I hope they keep getting better.
2	I just don't think the food here is very good. If you just want a drink then come here. But, some friends and I have gone here twice and had food that wasn't worth the price. I got the braised lamb shank risotto last time thinking I couldn't go wrong but I didn't even care to finish it. And the amount of lamb in it was pretty small.
4	My friends and I found this place when we were wandering around the corner. I liked the Decoy 2011 wine we ordered - very tame but has a dry after taste. We also ordered the chocolate peanut butter mousse - it does not have that much chocolate cake or chocolate flavor, mainly dominated by its peanut butter mousse, but it's very soft and moist. I loved it. They have indoor and outdoor seating. Service was great too. You can definitely take your time to enjoy your wine.
5	Just popping in to update my last view. We just used Press to have my graduation party (50 people) and they knocked it out of the  park. Front of the house was perfect. Our open was at 4:00 and by 3:45 the space was 100% ready  to go. The front of the house manager and two servers were a head of the game and  gave the impression that this was not their first rodeo.  Through out the three hour event I never had a problem with drinks, service or bussing. Back of the house kept our taco bar fresh and our flat bread bar in perfect rotation.  If you are reading this review contemplating having a large event, listen up. This restaurant is where you should send your business. If you want a turn key event with no surprises this is your bet on Professor Avenue. Our contact was Sean, I believe he is the GM.
5	BRUNCH! Stopped at Press with girlfriends over the summer. Loved the experience. The food as fresh and the menu had many different items to choose from. I got the vegetable skillet and it was amazing. Potatoes on the bottom, eggs on top, mixed with fresh veggies and sprinkled with melted cheese on top. We of course could not pass up the Mimosa Kit. $35 for a bottle of champagne, 4 different juices and fresh fruit!
4	You know, it's funny--I've heard more about the brunch here than anything else. So that's what I came for and it was, in fact, a great spot for brunch. \n\nHowever, what about the fact that Press is indeed a wine bar? I really don't hear much about their non-brunch offerings, which I fear will hurt this place. But enough with that--let's focus on my brunch for a minute. \n\nThe drink menu for brunch is 5 stars, easy. Mmmmyes, passion fruit mimosa. But seriously, there are like almost 10 different mimosa options, plus there's a cart you can order for $35 that lets you \"decorate your own.\" The only bad side to it is that you get only one bottle of bubbly. In the mood for a savory cocktail? Their bloody mary offerings are badass. My guy ordered one that had a deviled egg and bacon in it. My sis got one with a stuffed pepper. My sister's bf said the coffee was pretty darn good, but I was too busy guzzling my mimosa. \n\nThe food is about a 3.5 for me. They offer up a lot unique brunch choices, but almost every option had 1-2 ingredients that I didn't like. What I really wanted was a traditional  brunch, so what I ordered was their shroom omelet (the closest thing to it.) What came out was a very plain looking omelet with wheat toast. Boy was I mistaken about the eggs--although simply prepared, the dish was eggcellent! HA! Seriously though, fluffy eggs, melty provolone, peppery arugula (I know... I'm over it too, but it was delicious) and the best mushrooms I've had in a long, long time. The wheat toast was darn good, too, although I like mine a little bit toastier. I could have done without the cold potatoes, which needed to be crispier.\n\nI think the prices could come down a dollar or two, but overall, a great brunch!
4	Went here for a social event so I don't know how credible this review will be...wine menu is decent.  Nice selection of domestics and internationals.  Food (cheese and meat board, flatbreads) was very tasty.  Service was good.  I have heard the brunch is great so I'll definitely go back.
1	NOT-im-PRESS-ed.        Where should I start?!? Half alive hostess....didn't know to seat us even though we stood at her \"stand\" for ten minutes. Food.... I wasnt sure what to even order. Finally got margarita pizza which literally (not being a drama queen or exaggerating) tasted like NOTHING. Server  didn't understand the wine list and also maybe saw us maybe two times.  Got the fried brussels...I would say (with agreement from co- eaters) taste like flaky overly buttered movie theater popcorn kernels. I don't know what to say. Would give them another chance, but shit, I don't know when.
4	Regarding brunch\n\nBrunch hours: Sat & Sun 1000-1500\n\nWe arrived at around 11 on Saturday. There was one table just leaving which left me as the only party in the restaurant. While we were eating 3 other parties came in, but the place was no where near full.\n\nService, as expected with the empty restaurant, was efficient and our waitress was on top of things. The kitchen was also quick. \n\nI ordered the Chorizo Skillet which was served in a skillet on a circular wooden trivet. It contained, Scrambled eggs, potato hash, local Chorizo sausage, roasted peppers, and a little cheddar cheese on top. It was all mixed together, but pretty much just layered, with the eggs on top, and potatoes on the bottom. It was really good in terms of flavour and the serving size was great, but it wasn't super hot. For being just made I thought it should have been hotter. It wasn't cold, but cool for having been a skillet. $10.50\n\nThe person I was with got the Crab Benedict which is a very cool idea. It is your normal eggs Benedict but between the egg and the Toasted English muffin is a seared crab cake. It is served with sriracha hollandaise sauce which can be obtained on the side. Well, she asked for the cook to go easy on the sauce, and the waitress' response was that she'd put it on the side... $12.50\n\nAll in all a good brunch, just oddly not busy. Perhaps it had more to do with the horribly plowed streets, which is where you have to park, more than the food.
5	The back room is an excellent place to host an event. The management and the staff was super flexible and nice. The food was outstanding as well!
5	A long overdue review........ my brother and sis in law brought us here for a tasting dinner.  Chef Matt's dad and my brother went to school together.  I am a total food person.  I am a professional cook and live for dining out and experiencing good food anywhere I go.  This dinner was one of my top five dinners of all time.  If you want a true treat, let Chef Matt cook for you.  Just let him cook.  Although much of what we had was on the menu, I can tell you that anything that comes out of his kitchen is going to be delicious.
5	Perfect Brunch.  Open Saturday and Sunday serving brunch til 3.  Good option if you don't want to stand outside waiting for a table at Lucky's or Grumpy's.  They have a bunch of different and very interesting Bloody Mary options, as well as Mimosa's.  They provide an entire 'Mimosa Cart' with about a dozen different berries/fruits as well as the same amount of different juices to add to your morning cocktail.  Friendly, good service and awesome atmosphere.  The food options for brunch are a bit limited and 'exotic', won't get your ordinary omelette or eggs benny here.  It's all got a twist to it.  I was more impressed with the Bloody Mary than the food, but that's enough for me.  Plus, each different variety of the drink comes with an 'appetizer'; mine with a cream cheese and bacon stuffed pepperoncini, and my friend's with peppered bacon and a deviled egg.  \n\nI'll definitely be back for brunch, and probably to try that barrel aged wine too.
4	Fried cheese curds were great. The brat was \"So, So\". The atmosphere was cool and I suggest you eat outside if the weather is nice.  Bartender was ditzy but other than that it was cool.
2	Burger was ok.  Ordering was confusing.  Sat at a table for a little while until we saw other customers get up from their tables and order.  The locals knew to do this.  Waffle fries ok. Chicken sandwich ok.  Outdoor seating was really the only highlight.
1	The owner of State St Brats is racist and has no business doing business in Madison Wisconsin!! To discriminate someone based off the way they look is overt racism!! Madison has long sense been a city of peace and love and equality and we don't need this restaurant destroying our community and our moral values!! I called in asking about Mark Zuckerberg and he was rude to me and was damn near interrogating me he never gave me his name but he was quick to hang up on me and kept saying \"WHAT DO YOU WANT!!!\" Someone who runs a business like that does not deserve one cent of my money!!! Please avoid State St Brats at all cost!!
1	So this place was recommended from the university tours guides. Was hoping great local place. \nFirst we day outside and literally had to wait about 15 minutes and ask twice to place our order. \nThe waitress never cleaned our table off and after finally getting their \"famous\" brats we had to get our own napkins, etc. I was hoping maybe the food would make up for bad service but it did not. \nThis is a dive bar at best. And drink/eat inside so you can place orders directly at bar.
2	Don't go here unless you are 21 and under! (Or, don't care how food tastes.)\n\nMy husband and I were very hungry one night and this was one of the only places open on State Street.  The plastic cows outside looked pretty inviting, so we thought why not?\n\nThe food is gross.  Even though it's a sit down restaurant, the food is on par with a fast food joint like Wendy's or Culver's (but of course, way more expensive to pay for the ambiance of 3,000 TVs adorning the walls).  Also note: they change their menu for late night (which I think is after 9p), making the selection a lot smaller (so don't go expecting anything more than chicken tenders or a burger made by the bartender).\n\nIf you just want to hit this place up for a beer and/or catch a game on one of the flat screens, I think this place would do.  Of course, I can imagine it being super packed when UW plays and I am too old for large numbers of people crammed into a tiny space :)
4	Nice place to get a brat in downtown Madison.  They offer traditional and red (spicy) brats, both are good.  The cheese curds are great and they are served with a side of ranch and a side of thousand island.  Grab a table on the patio when the weather is nice.
5	I am giving five stars to help out weigh the lowers. This is a four star bar and brat place. Great food and selection of beer. If you wanna hang out, drink, and watch sports, come here.
1	I agree with Stacy L. Terrible service. Went for lunch before the basketball game because it's close to Kohl Center.  Some customers got wait staff, some had to wait at the bar to order. No logical way they take or fill orders. Food was just so-so. Should have done what our 2 vegetarians did - walked over to Potbelly & brought food back here to watch the game while they ate. At least I saved money by not tipping & we got to the game early because we couldn't stand the place. Hey guys, you can't run a bar without staff!!
2	In town for business trip as my  home office is located in Madison. With a small group of co-workers and decided to go downtown. \n\nWe walked the main street going toward campus.  Once we reached the end, turned back and came across this bar.  It was either this or 5 Guys Burgers. Given my poor experience with 5 Guys in Phoenis, I opted for this location.  Besides, brauts in Wisconsin??? You have to give it a try. \n\nI had the Burger/Braut.  Pretty much a plain burger with a braut cut in half on top.  Others had the Hot Braut and one of the salads. \n\nIn general, food was just a little less than average. I can cook brauts better on my own grill using brauts from a better local pork shop. \n\nThe atmosphere is a different story.  First understand that we were there at 7 p.m. on a Monday night when college is pretty much out.  But this place had a nice set up of T.V.'s, and tables.  This location would make a great place to sit and watch a game. And I can only imagine what it would be like on a Saturday before/during/after a local college football game. \n\nAlso had the chance to try two local brews.  Had the Glauser (sp?).  Nice local brew.  There were several other options of beer and full bar. \n\nIf I ever get back to this place, will have to try it on a Friday or Saturday night.  \n\nBut if you are looking for something good to eat, well, keep walking!!!
1	Danced on stage. Bouncer told me to leave.  Was complying, and he slammed my arm in a door. Great service!
2	This is a great place to watch a football game in a rowdy, loud and fun environment. It's an epic college sports bar with a legacy I'm sure. \nThat being said, I expected cheese curd glory to happen here and it didn't. I guess my standard are a little higher no longer being in college and having a more refined palate when it comes to beer, food and libations. State street has a lot to offer I guess I just need to continue on until I find the right fit.
2	Stopped by for a quick sandwich and beer before the Badger game last night. Ordered the steak sandwich, which came on a hot dog bun. Really? Server did not ask how I wanted the steak done or if I wanted anything on it, either. The fries were good, but the server didn't present or offer to get any condiments. We had to go find them. New Glarus beers were on special Wednesday nights, which is great. I won't go out of my way to go here again. Back to the Big Ten Pub for me for game day.
5	Everytime I'm in town I hit this place for curds, beer and brats. I spent a whole Sunday watching football here and had a blast. Crowded times are a little annoying, but it is a college place. Love the mustard selections too. Curds are a must!
1	Really awful customer service. We asked two members of the staff to change the channel from the nightly news to a college football game and they were too lazy to do it. It was a Saturday night and everyone wanted to watch the game. The staff is not worried about taking care of their customers.
4	I think State Street Brats is a pretty decent place to enjoy some brats and cheese curds downtown. While their cheese curds don't quite compare to some other establishments around town, they'll definitely suffice. I love the selection in brats and burgers that are available and try to select a new item each time I go. Never have been disappointed yet!! Perhaps the Yelp deal aided in my great review but where else can you feed two adults for 10.98 anymore??
1	I attended a private party on the second floor and they had the A/C up all the way. It was freezing. I told a staff member but he said he couldn't do anything about it. Also, they served our group hamburgers but didn't offer hamburger toppings like lettuce, tomatoes or cheese.
4	I liked this bar a lot. Anywhere that has cheese curds & corn dogs for cheap is a win-win for me. Lots of places to sit, good music all night & a fun crowd. Great service as well.  I wish the weather would have been nicer because it looks like they have a great patio.
2	State St Brats was a recommended go to place for Brats, cheese curd, and brew on my visit to Madison. \nFirst the good... Our Brats & cheese curd was fine... Having a fully stocked self service condiment bar was nice... Good local brews and a friendly atmosphere. \n\nHey! State St Management how do you expect one person to wait on the entire bar area? Yea it's cool she has an IPad to take our orders but.... Let's see... we ordered Apps and Brats... And they all came out together... We had no silverware and when I asked for some we got 1 set for two people.. Our empty App baskets and our, subsequent, empty dinner baskets remained on our table until we left.... It was obvious that our server was just overwhelmed and service really suffered.. Would I go back on my next visit nah.....
2	What used to be a Madison tradition for college students and those looking for a fun gameday place has become an atrocious dump.\n\nI went there last Sunday with my wife to watch some football on their big screens upstairs, and boy did it not take long to make us leave.  For starters, we went to the bar upstairs to order some drinks and food, only to have the bartender be fairly rude and gruff when we asked questions.  He looked like a normal college-aged guy, but apparently he must have been hungover or something because he just didn't want to provide any kind of service what so ever.\n\nAfter paying for the food, my wife went back up to ask if they put a charge hold on the card because she remembered this from her time at college there, and it turned out they did.  I had no idea about this, and the bartender never mentioned it before I paid.  So it turns out, they put a charge on your card for FIFTY DOLLARS if you pay for anything with it.  The reason is to \"make sure you have money in your account\".  It's now four days later, and that charge is still sitting on my bank account, tying up money I could have used for other things.\n\nDuring this whole process, I was obviously a bit upset but I was calm about it because we wanted to just watch the games and have a good time.  Sadly, the volume on their speakers was set for Rave level, and I was going deaf from the noise level rather than being able to have a conversation and watch the game.  There were literally five people in the place, so I don't understand what they were gearing up for.  One of the big TVs was on ESPN while the other one was on the game, so I went up and asked if they could change it to one of the other football games that was on.  The bartender said it's going to happen (again gruffly), and eventually changed it to a game.\n\nWe finally got our food.  What used to be some of the best Madison Cheese Curds are now some over processed orange heap of nuked badness.  My burger looked like it had come out of a turnstyle vending machine.  Neither of the items tasted any better.\n\nGot up and left at this point, won't be back again unless I'm really really really drunk.  Which, granted, is probably the only time it's worth patronizing this pile of an establishment.
4	A staple on state street. White brat, red brat and cheese curds all very good. Fun atmosphere to chill and have some drinks.
2	Came on a Thursday night and was disappointed in the bar.  I had heard so many good things about this place, and it did look much fuller on Friday night and Saturday during the day, when the Badgers were playing.  Unfortunately, I only experienced the Thursday night experience and can only rate it as such.\n\nIt was kind of surprisingly lonely and empty here, and we didn't stay for a drink.  Well, we might have, but no one came and took our order.  At least there are lots of TVs for the games, etc.  With the word brats in the name though, I suppose next time I should try some of the food.
4	what you would expect to find.  Fries were not greasy.  Sausages were typical.  Local beers available.
4	Came here around midnight-ish on a Friday night because as a Purdue student I wanted to hit up some UW Madison college bars. \n\nThis place was nice- good crowd, good service, good music, and good specials. No complaints.\n\nI liked the indoor and outdoor seating arrangements with the dance area upstairs. \n\nI'd come back during the day to try the restaurant food here as well.
4	You don't go here for the food, you go for the huge amount of televisions and variety in drinks.\n\nThis is one of the few bars where my boyfriend, who can't eat gluten or wheat, can get an awesome bottled beer (Bard's Tale, a sorgum stout).  You can also find a wide variety of taps, liquors and they have many specials.\n\nLots of good places to sit, this is where I would go for big games, like the superbowl or FIFA world cup.  However, the food isn't great.  HOWEVER, compared to other places with bar food and such, it's a very good price.  At buffalo wild wings, the wings are much better but almost twice the price.  You get ten wings at state street brats for $6, which isn't bad.  Burgers are okay, probably the best thing on the menu are the cheese curds or waffle fries (but they're not called waffle fries).\n\nAnyways, don't come real hungry. :)
5	What are you doing sitting at home reading this when you could be at this place having a brat basket?  Get over yourself and go have a brat.  Good Lord, you're in Wisconsin just do it.
2	I was here a couple of years ago, and it was pretty good. However, I just returned...and was sorry that I did. The service was poor, the waffle fries were old/cold, and the brats were very dry. It really is my fault though, I still decided to visit this place even though I knew the ratings and reviews were poor on Yelp. No way I'd return.
1	Food was terrible, even their specialty, Brats!\nFries were awful, cheese curds were tasteless.
4	College is definitely getting back into town because the pubs are getting much more lively.  I couldn't pass up the cheese curds and they didn't disappoint. The atmosphere was fun and exactly what I was looking for tonight.
4	Good brats and cheese curds at this no frills bar and grill.  We tried both types of brats and they were both good, but the cheese curds stole the show.   A nice selection of beers on tap and a great beer garden to enjoy nice weather.  Friendly staff.
4	This brought me back to my college days, even waited in line to get in! We just came for a drink so I grabbed a spotted cow, took in the scene, and had a great night of it. It wasn't overly packed but a good amount of people, everyone having fun and being social. That's what it's all about, right? ;)
1	This is not the place to wander into at 9pm because you haven't eaten dinner yet and the Old Fashioned was too full. Thought we'd get some brats and curds. Two whites with mustard and kraut? Too bad, the condiment bar has been taken away and the kitchen won't dress our dogs... Okay, two Moon Man pale ales and an order of cheese curds. The beer was delicious, but the curds hadn't seen the inside of a fryer for the better part of 30 minutes, and were served with the saddest raw broccoli and carrots I've seen, along with a side of blue cheese dressing that had been sitting under the heat lamp... bleah! Keep the veggies away from the curds, for everyone's sake. I'll give them one more chance during a more food-friendly time!
2	I feel hungover and the guilt of being underage just by walking by this place.  Unless I'm super drunk to begin with, I'm probably not venturing in.\n\nOn another note, I gave this a second star because I hear they have (or used to have) a stock market pricing system where drinks cost more or less based on demand.  It's the only way I've ever really understood the economy, and that combined with the fact that they serve alcohol, merits two proud stars.
4	When I think of State Street, this is the place that comes to mind. Never had a bad time here. However (there is always a however), there should be televisions outside for watching whatever games are on. Also, there should be at least a beer \"person\" outside to avoid the lines inside (if that's legal). Free popcorn is always nice, but there should be one also on the second floor.
4	State Street Brats definitely is a case of taking the good with the bad. At its best, it can be great; at its worst, it can be really bad.\n\nFirst of all, one of my favorite lunches in Madison is grabbing a burger or a white brat with waffle fries. Their burgers are substantial and juicy. They and the white brats are served on fairly airy and light buns (which I prefer), and their condiment bar has just about any topping you can think of to adorn your sandwich.\n\nA1? Barbecue sauce? Hot sauce? Every manner of spicy mustard? No problem! Load up and turn that burger into a beef salad!\n\nOn the drink side of things, go for the Rose Bowl, which is an amorphous cherry-berry flavored concoction that'll have you flat on your face after a few of them if you are not careful.\n\nThe only cons are that it can be murderously crowded before and after Badger games or during prime night life hours. The other is that fisticuffs sometimes break out. My sister was brutally assaulted in the women's bathroom here. Ultimately that is more of a City of Madison PD problem than a Brats problem, as the staff handled the incident better than the cops did.\n\nOverall, I've had some great times here, including winning a Wisconsin shaped Point Beer raft in a raffle when partaking of cheap pitchers of beer on a Wednesday night. We blew it up while walking down the street to our next destination.
4	Great double bratwurst. Excellent meat, not dried out but juicy with a crispy skin. Spicy waffle fries were nothing special. Seems like an awesome hangout place, especially on gamedays.
1	State street brats has a dress code that openly discriminates against marginalized communities in Madison. When this was brought to light on social media, outraged patrons began to write reviews expressing their anger and feelings. As their ratings dropped, Brats responded by removing their ratings and reviews from their Facebook page. This establishment is no good and will not address the concerns of the community. This is a racist establishment an no one should give them their business.
4	Stopped in for the first time today. We ordered the cheese curds. Cheese was good would of been a better fried cheese curd if it was beer battered. My husband ordered the Worlds Best Brat and he thought it was good. I thought the bun was a little dry but otherwise it was good. I ordered the Pretzel burger with shoestring fries. Burger was done as I requested (med well). Burger was juicy and tasted like a burger right off my backyard grill. Yummy! Will be going back when I need a great burger during the winter. Staff was great and super friendly.
2	2 and 4 stars. There's no value in them. If a place is a four that means it's better than most, but there are specifically designated spots that are better. I'm not taking home silver, ok? But if a place is a two that means it's moderately bad. It's obviously not good. It's probably actively bad. But the 2 star gives it a special designation that neither 3 nor 1 stars gives it. There are better basic bars. This is boring.\n\nTo be honest, I'd rather come to this bar than other bro college bars. To be honest, I'd much rather go to some other bro college bars than this bar. It's just middle of the road bro-ey and college-ey. Sometimes friends or family or pretty girls will want to go here, and you know, that'll sway me more than any dumb opinion I've ever formed. But I don't want my memories of Madison to be, \"I won a bunch of cheap drinks at flip night and that's how I met your mom.\"\n\nYou all have a friend who has done that. Maybe two of them. They might be in love. Think about how nice those friends are. I'm sure they're really, really nice.\n\nThis may seem like an indictment of all college bars in Madison, and maybe it is. To be honest, I haven't stepped foot in this spot for years, so I don't even really know. But if you feel so compelled to read a review of this historic institution, I do have a few questions do pose to you. Where do the musicians hang out? The grad students? The aspiring politicians or theater kids? The kids that rap or throw paint on walls? I don't mean where do you see them, because of course you'll see them here. They're all pretty much bullied to come here, and they don't like any other spot in this city enough to complain that this place is not as cool.
2	I mean, I guess it's sort of a Madison Institution, right?\n\nBrats are basic, no-frills, and mediocre at best. You're much better going to another place that serves quality, local cuisine. Cheese curds are on par with Culver's...which is saying something (and not a good something, I might add). Fries are curly and pretty tasty.\n\nBeer is pretty pricey for a Madison dive. \n\nService is always excellent, bartenders nice. Cool outdoor patio. Food quality and prices makes this a 2 star joint, but it's important to note the service--which is, as said before, always great.
5	5 stars to watch sports, 4 stars to eat and hang, and 3 stars as a straight up bar.   I loved watching sports here on the big screens or grabbing  a burger or brat for dinner. \n\nIt kind of loses its appeal for me when it turns into a straight up bar on the weekend nights. However, its a great looking building that is coated in Badger red. This is the sports bar in Madison.  For me if a big game is to be  watched on TV, this is the number 1 atmosphere in town.
4	As long as I have traveled to Madison, I have made a point to stop down and eat a bratwurst (or two) at State Street Brats.  Wisconsin has a strong German heritage, and it's only appropriate that one of the best brats can be found a mile from the State Capitol.  It's a great place to start an evening of drinking on State Street.\n\nYou have a few choices of brats, red or white, and I suggest you add the waffle fries or cheese curds as a compliment.  The cheese curds are great by themselves too...yum! The waitstaff seemed non-existent, so we ordered from the bar.  The food was ready in about 10 minutes...prices, very reasonable.  They have a great assortment of toppings...a handful of mustard, sauerkraut, and even mayo for the fries in a bar toward the center of the downstairs eating area.\n\nAfter eating a few brats and drinking some brews, head out and turn right to head toward some other bars...but make your way back here later on, since they open a dance floor upstairs...with a bar in one corner serving PBR taps for cheap.  \n\nState Street Brats, it's quintessential Wisconsin.  It'd be fun to see what this place looks like on a Packer or Badger game day.
5	Delicious!! Brauts were cooked well and tasted great!  When I first sat down, I was a bit confused on how to order, but eventually figured out that you have to order from the front counter.  The setting was neat tho! All sorts of Badger gear around, so close to campus and downtown.  I would go back.
4	Yummy, yummy cheap red or white brats... Takes a while to cook on the grill as they didn't have any already grilling when I went. They didn't charge me for soda either. My companion says the beer is pretty tasty too...\n\nGreat, friendly service by the bar staff.
1	After seeing the  incredibly racist dress code, I will not be returning here. I will be encouraging friends and family to do the same.
2	Stopping through Madison...It's a solid establishment. Free popcorn, cheap food, decent service. Nothing spectacular.
4	The red brat + waffle fries is the way to go! Definitely a great setting to watch a UW game and also a great place to dance when out on the weekends!
1	I was looking forward to splurge with a brat and cheese curds. What I got was a big disappointment. Thr brat and curds were cold-cold curds=gross. The sauerkraut was limp and tasteless.  Even my soda was flat!  Maybe you have to be drunk to enjoy the food here. Sure miss the Brathaus!
1	A clearly racist dress code policy has barred one of my friends from entry, simply for wearing a cultural garment from Ghana. This \"rule\" of theirs discriminates against African American and other \"non-white\" dress. This has been going on for awhile, and management has done nothing about it. Absolutely disgusting. Will NOT be stopping here ever again. Nor will any friends of mine. I hope this ruins your company. I attached a picture of their posted dress code.
1	Sad to have a place like this on campus in Madison. Racist protocols, and rude management.
2	Blah, not so good. My mom was in town and we were looking for somewhere to eat on State St. Wanted to find a place with cheese curds. We stumbled across State St. Brats and it was ok.\n\nCheese curds were less than stellar. The brats were ok. I do like the toppings bar, but that was probably the highlight of the meal.\n\nThe outdoor seating area is cool, especially with the cows!
5	Amazing! The food was so quick, amazing burger and the cheese fries were so good. I got a bacon cheese burger and you could smell the grill! The cheese fries were done well and perfect cheese to fry ratio. The bun was toasty and a great atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone! Also reasonable prices food for the great service and the quality!
2	Dang, I really wanted to like State Street Brats. The location is great, and it's an awesome place to sit for a while just to take in the scene. The staff is nice and the bar is full, but the food is definitely underwhelming. \n\nMy brat was burnt to a crisp and my fries tasted as if they had been set out all day (they weren't even slightly warm). The boneless \"wings\" were frozen Tyson chicken nuggets reheated. Good bar and decent prices, but eat before you come.
4	We went for lunch and had great bratwurst sandwiches. The beer selection looked good too, but couldn't try since we all had to go back to work. Looks like a great sports bar, the bratwurst was better than some German restaurants, and service was friendly and quick. As a lunch place or pub, four stars, but probably only three if you don't like brats. Don't know how it would be as a sports bar--crowded, fun and full of students probably.
4	You gotta sit down stairs, order from the bar, and enjoy! Get a Sconnie beer and some brats! (Red or white, both good!)
1	Today is April 25th 2017 and there is a truly racist notification on the door of State Street brats which targets a specific race. Jesus! This is 2017! I posted the picture for you to view.
1	Congratulations, State Street Brats: you nailed it! And by \"it\" I mean being just awful. Last night some friends and I went to Brats after not being able to acquire hockey tickets. We wanted a semi-ridiculous, sports-centric atmosphere, so Brats seemed like the logical choice. We'd all been in college, and thought we knew what to expect. Nope.\n\nAfter grabbing a booth upstairs and sitting around for awhile, a waitress came by and asked if we were interested in ordering. After telling her yes, she told us that they were cutting their wait staff so we had to go to the bar to order. Not a huge deal, but there were some flaws:\n1) the wait staff that was supposedly cut were aimlessly wandering around the bar for the entire time we were there\n2) when you ordered, they told you to just come back and check if your food was ready - no estimate of time, no notification system, and again, no use of their employees milling about\n3) after our table had ordered and checked for food a few times, the table behind us got waiter service\nThanks for your outstanding customer service, guys!\n\nTo top it off, the food was as lacking as the service. The nachos were basically a pile of oil, the cheese curds eerily resembled bad breaded chicken used at fast food Chinese restaurants, and the burger baskets were a ripoff. While the burger was okay, the $2 upcharge for fries was a joke. For $2.50 you can get an entire basket of fries, but the two bucks they charge to add them to your burger only gets you about fifteen soggy fries. While the portion size was okay (I ate about two before deciding they were too gross to continue on with), it's nonsense that they charge you so much for a tenth of what comes in a basket that you could just order separately for virtually the same price. \n\nAt the very least, I learned a very important lesson: State Street Brats is best enjoyed by highly intoxicated college students and my time there is over.
2	Was working and didn't have much time to waste on eating, so we decided to run in here for some brats. The place was pretty empty but apparently it was \"football night\" so they were on their \"football menu\" which was pretty small but had brats which was what I was going for so YAY. I got the white brat and wanted to get a side of cheese curds (...I've still NEVER had cheese curds. Ever.) Apparently they can't do a small side of cheese curds on football night, although it's probably good that this wasn't my first try at them. So I got some onion rings. We also got \"chicken wings\" but didn't realize it said boneless. \n\nThe brat ended up being pretty...megh. There's a bar to add toppings to the brat which was completely gross/dirty/old looking. For some reason I still decided to add some sauerkraut to my brat. It was pretty damn gross. All of the mustard bottles were all sticky. The onion rings were surprisingly good. The onion inside actually tasted like onion, not like some fried string and was juicy. The \"chicken wings\" were like little fried crunchy dough balls with tiny little pieces of chicken. I get it that boneless chicken wings are kind of like small chicken nuggets but this was just ridiculous...you can get better boneless chicken wings at BDubs...
5	Great place to stop for a sandwich with the family. Brats and burgers are always a hit at State Street Brats.
1	No stars! Terrible bartender service afternoon 7/5/2014 !  Unless your a cute guy.  Me women  over 50 you cute blonde bartender clearly just about to ask me what I want.  Rude  guy cuts into our space says something funny about a cheeseburger haha and you completely egnore me. Wow!  Not even a haha just one second I was about to help this lady over here. Hope you got a good tip!  Well then again.....  Good luck  and hope you do better with other customers.
2	Food: the food was good, my only complaint is that they use the bare minimum when it comes to there ingredients. You really don't get the full effect of the Thai dishes. If it you want better portions & consistency, this is not the place.\nService: I waited until my second time eating here to make my review and this is the conclusion that iv come to. \n The service is lacking N HERE's WHY!\n1. The workers look at you like you're  crazy when u walk in instead of asking how many ppl and where would we like to sit. \n2. I also Noticed that they separate the Caucasian ppl from the rest (non-white), by sitting anyone of ethic background outside when there's plenty of room to sit in doors. Not sure how Asians can be racist or bias to any group of ppl. But I seen it with my own eyes.\n3. They never check back with us once the food came out. You have to physically track one of the workers down or go the the desk to and ask for a refill or napkins ect. \n\nLike I said I never like to write a bad review and always try to give the facility to make up for their lack or service, quality of food and professionalism. We all have bad days but it shouldn't be consistent, not if you want returning customers.
4	Delicious food fast! The food was excellent. We didn't have to wait to sit down, and our fresh food arrived within about 5 minutes from the time we ordered it. Service was excellent. No MSG! They use natural sauces! The tamarind candies they give are delightful!!!
2	Only had a couple things at this attractive little restaurant - a soup and spring rolls - but I have definitely had better!  The service could be a little more relaxed.  I think I'll stick with Thai House.
4	What a great lunch stop, food was spicy and fresh. The service was friendly and the elephant table cloths and orchid attire is fitting for the name\n\nMy choice: chicken pad Thai, delicious and hot served for lunch with an spring roll an soup. 4 star experience tasty and prompt
4	I went to this place again last night and as always I am amazed. I love the location of this place it's nestled in the shopping center in the  shopping center where Fresh Market is located. The setting is very intimate and the decor is fantastic! For my appetizer I ordered the Thai Orchid Spring Rolls the rolls were crispy and delicious and came with a phenomenal peanut sauce. As my entree I ordered the vegetarian Pad Prik King with tofu and it was amazing I requested them to make it spicy and they were able to accomplish that! The dish was full of wonderful veggies in a creamy coconut curry sauce the dish came with rice! Normally I get the pad thai but decided to try something different and I was not disappointed! I would definitely recommend this place the staff is also very knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly the prices here are also fairly reasonable!!!
4	Picked up takeout here this past week and was really impressed, not only with the establishment and service, but also how busy the place was on a Tuesday night. This made me more excited for the meal! Located right behind Fresh Market on Providence/Sardis area, the place is small, but cozy. I called in ahead, so I just walked up to the counter and gave them my name. The food came out right away. There is no bar area, so don't plan on getting a drink while you wait for your order. \n\nOrdered Pad Thai, Pad Woon Sen & Fresh Rolls (spring rolls on steroids). All this for $28. Not bad, as I've paid more and less for the same order at other restaurants. Surprisingly, I got a side of white rice too? Not sure if this is typical or a mistake? \n\nGot home and dove right in as I was starving. Food was really good and the portions were huge. Made for great lunch the next day. Ordered both dishes \"medium spicy\" and the Pad Thai came with a little more heat than the Pad Woon Sen, which was fine as the Pad Thai was for the lady. \n\nI'm a fan and will be back again!
1	I saw the other reviews and am surprised that my experience was so vastly different. I came in one Thursday night.-a single female They were not busy yet I had to ask for someone to take my order after waiting 15-20 minutes. My menu was closed after a couple of minutes and the wait staff had to keep walking past me since the table I was seated at was near the entrance to the secondary room that seemed more popular with diners so it was not a simple case of oversight.\n\nAfter serving my food, no one ever checked on me again (not one time) and I had to flag someone down to get my check-even though I waited a while after I had pushed my plate away. (Remember, the staff was passing by my table every few minutes)\n\nI was very disappointed in the service and could not help to  wonder if I would have been given better service if I was not a female diner eating by myself.\n\nBy the way, the food was okay nothing exceptional.
5	Perhaps the best Thai restaurant at which I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  Quality food, well-prepared, and excellent friendly service.  Everything on the menu is consistently excellent!
2	I bought a Livingsocial deal for Thai Orchid. It was a disappointment going to Thai Orchid. It was toally different than what I expected it would be.  This place have the pan fried noodle and it is very rare for restaurants to make the pan fried noodle right. The pan friend noodle was plain taste and nothing special. The noodle soup was bland taste. The vegetable they used in the noodles were cheap. Bunch of cheap onions and baby corn. There were big slice onions not thin onions.The wait staff was nice but honestly the food wasn't good.
5	The fish and pad Thai here is awesome! I didn't have a good dining experience here for my first visit but I decided to give it another try. It happened to be I didn't order the right dishes. Try pad tai and fish!
1	I continue trying to like this place but am disappointed almost every time. Tonight's take out was red curry; the shrimp are rubbery and the sauce is especially watery. I also ordered spring rolls, got home, and they were both ripped apart and had tofu...menu didn't mention that part! They were a mess (literally) so I took them back and tried to get veggie spring rolls. Apparently your options are either the vegetables with the meat or the tofu with lettuce. If you want the veggies(carrots, cucumbers, etc) you have to get the meat and if you don't want meat you don't get the veggies....makes no sense! My options were pay $5 for something I can't eat/don't like or go without so I asked for a refund.\n\nLesson learned and I'll stick with Thai House. It's further from my house but I'd rather drive and know the food will be good instead of playing food roulette! $15 for mediocre shrimp curry isn't worth it!
4	This cute little native Thai family-owned restuarant is a Charlotte staple and it has been tucked away in the center of the Strawberry Hill shopping center for at least the past  12 -15 years (if not longer). \n\nMost of the time, the service is good, but there have been a few misses in this department when they are extremely busy. However, overall I am pleased with the food and service and can overlook the occasional off-day. \n\nThey offer several lunch specials which come with a spring roll or egg roll. They also start you out with a small soup of the day which varies.  \n\nI really like their pad thai here and often get it when I am here for lunch since its usually one of the lunch specials.  For dinner, I like their curries -especially the Penang Curry.  (I have only had one really bad meal here and sadly I cannot remember what I ordered on that visit, but it wasn't one of my \"normal' favs.) \n\nThey season their food for the \"American palate\" so if you like it spicier, just let them know and they will bump it up for you. \n\nThe portions are definitely generous, so I usually have leftovers... I love getting 2 meals for the price of one!  :-)
5	Being half Thai on my mother side, I would crave for some good Thai food. Unfortunately some other places were good only for some dishes and for this place, it's truly a gem in a hidden area. \n\nThe tom yum is exactly how I would've made it at home. Larb chicken is made just like how my mom would've made it with exception of her adding more lime and chopping the chicken up. \n\nWe also ordered fried chicken for the girls and satay which are both good. For myself, a yellow curry with chicken. Delicious and simple. \n\nFor dessert, mango with sticky rice. Sadly they won't do sticky rice by itself but it's okay. \n\nOverall I enjoyed their little romantic restaurant. Some place where I would like to relax with the mister on date night....away from the girls. :)
5	Best best Thai I've found in charlotte. The atmosphere is welcoming and friendly. And the food very flavor filled. Order #32 with a fried egg added and you cannot go wrong.
4	The BEST Thai food I'd found in Charlotte.  The mango sticky rice is eyes-roll-to-the-back-of-the-head delicious!  And the non-dessert items are good too! Friendly owners and service.  Prices are reasonable
5	I came in last Friday with my wife.  We've been to Thailand before and had everything.  This place is amazing and very authentic.  It's hard to find it but once you find it, it's like finding a pot of gold. We had the traditional pad Thai, which was delicious and flavorful.  The tom yum soup is probably my favorite.  It's full of flavor and spices.  Their currys are very good also.  The staff was very friendly.  We felt like we were in Thailand without the beaches.  Definitely my favorite place for Thai food.
5	Dropped in for lunch and definitely will be back. Nestled in between the shops and restaurants in the center, it may be hard to find for a first timer. \n\nWarmly welcomed by the guy at the register, invited us to have a seat in the 'indoor' patio area which was quite nice.\nThe selections are typical for Thai food in the America but some I have never seen before or heard of. Straying away from the norm, I opted for a lunch dish chosen pretty much by closing my eyes and picking.\n\nThey were pretty fast at getting the food out and the dishes did not disappoint.  I wish I was closer or I'd come here more often. Definitely a must do if you are nearby and hungry for some Thai.
4	Great Service, Great Food.  Was in a hurry and they got us in/out of there quick and the food was fantastic.\n\nWill go again when I'm in the area!  Hidden Gem!
5	My mom and I eat here every time she comes in town. I have never been disappointed. The food is always flavorful and filling. One of my favorites!
5	With my second experience here, I was not disappointed at all. I got the Thom Yum soup again, with the seafood medley. Full of shrimp, calamari, scallops, and mussels. Simply the best I have had at a restaurant outside of Asia. The Pad Kraprow was also incredible - one of the tastiest dishes (Thai or otherwise) that I have ever had. I am so happy that we have this place in Charlotte! Highly recommended! \n\nNote: This, too, was a delivery order from Foodie Call, so I can't speak for the interior or actual dining experience inside the restaurant.
4	Edit: Avoid the fresh veggie spring rolls. For $5.95 I got two rolls about 6 inches in length and no more than 1.5 inch diameter. They were like toddler-sized. Inside was lettuce, noodles, and tofu. Fresh and tasty but a total rip-off for $6!\n\n\nPreviously:\nLove this place. Make a foodie call.com delivers their food to my place. While the delivery service is extremely slow- the food is absolutely worth it. I love their pad thai, pad seeewe noodles. I also love their squid salad and fresh spring rolls. Tom yum soup is very sweet salty tasty! I love this place for authentic thai food. Will hopefully get into their actual place. But for now will deal with the slow delivery.
4	I love Thai food and this place has been on my bucket list for a while.  So when my date said this was their favorite Thai place, it was the perfect opportunity to try it.\n\nThe restaurant is in the Strawberry Square shopping center and sits behind Red Rocks.  The restaurant is small and decor is simple.  \n\nWe arrived and it was dead with only one other table occupied but it quickly filled up.  After looking at the menu, I decided on vegetarian Pad Bai-Krapraw which is similar to Thai dishes I order elsewhere and of course I went with Thai spicy.  \n\nMy date went with a dinner special, Pra Ram Loungsoung which was your choice of meat in a peanut and chili sauce on a bed of spinach.\n\nMy order was perfect with a good mix of veggies, tofu, basil and spice!  The spice level was spot an and cleared out my sinuses..just the way I like it!  The flavor was great as well.\n\nMy date's dinner came out wrong but was quickly corrected and after trying it, it was quiet delicious also.  \n\nService was good and they were nice enough to take my date's item off of the bill since it came out late.  \n\nI definitely think the place is worth returning to.
4	Thai Orchid is a great dinner option in the SouthPark neighborhood. My husband had the Pad Thai and reported that it was the best in town, but not the best ever. I had the red curry. It had a nice slow heat and a good mix of veggies. Portions were of a good size, and the price was fair for the neighborhood.\n\nWhen we visited, the restaurant was busy, but we were serviced in a timely manner. The wait staff were friendly and attentive. The ambiance is cozy and welcoming, but also feels private and not like you are sitting on top of the next table. Oh, and I really liked the wallpaper, which I realize is kind of a strange thing to say about a restaurant.
2	Overpriced tasteless fake Thai food.  Service wasn't great either.  Shrimp dishes were overcooked and chewy.  Pan fried noodles were rubbery southern style thick wide pastry strips.  Not enough properly cooked vegetables in soup and/or entrees.
4	Been meaning to write a review for this place for the longest time now....  It's a great 'hidden gem' since it is not very visible from the corner of Fairview and Providence.\n\nDefinitely my \"go to\" Thai place... everything I have had here has been delicious and the service is great.  I've never tried their take out, but it's probably just as good as eating there minus the relaxed and cozy atmosphere.  \n\nTip:  When mangoes are in season, get the mango and sticky rice dessert!
5	Best Thai in south Charlotte. The Chicken Fried rice is awesome. Make sure to add spice. I'm a regular.
2	We got the take out pad see ew tonight. It was not great. The typical pas see ew we've had has a sweet, brown, thick soy sauce. This was a very loose and spicy clear sauce.
4	Pros: Good food, locally-owned & not a chain restaurant, authentic, fresh food, full of flavor. \n\nCons: Moderately pricey but not too bad, kind of hidden in the strip. \n\nOverall: Tasty and totally worth it, really enjoyed the food. My dining partner has been to Thailand multiple times and agreed the food was \"delightful.\" Worth another trip for sure.
2	Arrived at restaurant at 840p.  Restaurant owner yelled \"we close at 9\".  I asked what do you want me leave?  Will you kick me out?  He repeated himself.  \"We close at 9\".  I was about to leave when a lady said that she would serve me.  Food was okay not great.  My less than warm welcome left a bad taste.  Felt very unwelcome.
2	We just moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a place with great Thai food. This place is not for you. It took over 30 minutes to get our noodle dish and over 15 minutes to get our check once we asked for it. They do a lot of to-go business and the dine in people are the ones that suffer. I am only giving 2 stars because I feel bad giving one star.
4	I've been a fan of this place for years.  The mee krob is delicious, as is their squid salad.  Better at dinner than at lunch, although they have good lunch specials.  I agree that it is the best Thai in Charlotte.
5	This is my favorite Thai place in the world!  The food, service, and wine menu are great.  Ask for the owner Ed if it is not on the menu he will have the chef make it for you.  Additionally, tell them to bring on the spice they love a challenge.  A must eat place while visiting Charlotte.
4	I love this place.  The family has eaten here since back in 1987 when they were off central.  The meekrab (sp?) is the owner's unique dish you can't find anywhere else and it is absolutely fabulous.  I could just eat that appetizer alone and be happy.  They also have some great selections in curries from red, yellow, green and the cocunut curry.  They will also adjust anything to your spice level--from mouth on fire to mild.  All the dishes can also be made vegetarian.  The customer service is great--they remember me each time I place a to go order to when I show up with friends.
4	Hands down one of my favorite place to go for pad thai!! Their curry dish here is good as well. The only issue I have w/ this place is the slow service. Sometimes its really bad and if you get something spicy, be prepare to not have your water refill quickly enough!
4	I found out about this restaurant through Yelp. It brought me to a new little quaint shopping area I never knew about! It's hidden off of Providence Rd as soon as you pass Fairview Rd on your left. I discovered Phil's Deli and Il Nobe or something like that, an Italian restaurant. I plan to check those out too. \n\nI got the Pad Thai, and it was delicious. Not as big as the Pad Thai from Upstream, but still delicious. Came with an eggroll and some soup. Everything was good, the service was very good and quick. The interior had cute and fancy Thai decor. Very nicely done! Bravo, Thai Orchid.
5	Best curry in Charlotte! I love that they participate in Foodie Call, so when I can't get out of the office they can come to me!\nMUST TRY: Mee Krob: Crispy rice noodle topped with chicken, water chestnuts and served with crisp lettuce \nMUST TRY: ThumKha: Coconut cream soup with galangal and lemon grass. Your choice of meat (shrimp and chicken are best)\nMUST TRY: #29. Panang * (spicy!) Panang curry paste in coconut cream, bell peppers, kaffir lime leaves. It comes spicy-getting any hotter than it comes and you will need some icecream afterwards. Just sayin'!\nBeautiful restaurant located in the shopping center with Fresh Market. They have excellent service and serve wine and beer. Don't know what to order? They'll help you!
5	Excellent Thai Food, Service, and Atmosphere.  The pineapple fried rice with spring roll was delicious.  Number 32 with chicken was very tasty and spicy. The server and owner were very friendly and helpful with recommendations.
5	My wife and I have been wanting to try this place a couple of years now, finally did last night, were not disappointed! Everything we tried was excellent. We had the Mee Krob appetizer (lettuce wraps)
2	It is a pretty pricy Thai restaurant. But there is not too much competition for them in Charlotte, so you got to go with it. I just like their mee krob.
4	With the perfect summer week, I am on a quest for the perfect ice cream treat. Kekou Gelato filled that void. I ordered the Small, it was smaller than anticipated, but it satisfied my craving for ice cream and not filling me up as I was on my way to dinner.\nI ordered the Black Sesame, it had the nutty sesame flavour I was anticipating with a cool refresshing iced gelato. Would definitely go back for my next ice cream craving.
5	A true 5 star find for gelato! They have Asian inspired gelato and the stinky fruit one is sooooo good. Omg, if you also like Vietnamese coffee, they have a gelato flavour as well. Perfect stop for when you are having lunch on Baldwin. This place is across the street from a Mexican restaurant and is near the University of Toronto. Come here for a cold summer treat. Your taste buds will thank you.
4	Very unique Gelatos. Lots of tropical and Asian flavors.
4	It's so hard to choose flavours when everything is delicious! We sampled a couple flavours to help us decide but that made choosing even more challenging. A sure sign that many visits to this unique gelato shoppe are in order! The girls who work there are sweet and have a good sense of humour. Try everything!! :)
4	Wow. \n\nWe passed this gelato bar on our way to Kinton and decided to check it out for dessert post dinner. They had a variety of \"non-traditional\" gelato flavours, most of which are asian inspired.\n\nFrom the list they had, my boyfriend and I tried 4 of them: HK milk tea, whiskey green tea, tsing tao peach, and avocado banana. \n\nLet me just say, the HK milk tea gelato was soooo good. Very rich in milk tea flavour. It was definitely my favorite of the 4. The alcohol infused ones were decent, tsing tao peach reminded me of peach schnapps. And avocado banana - more banana than avocado but still delicious. \n\nI noticed in the take out menu they had toasted pistachio. I sure hope the next time I go they have that for me to try!
5	I was a bit sceptical about the idea of Asian gelato, but as long as it comes from Kekou it's going to be delicious! I wish there was a way for me to transport a pint of these flavours home, but they'd definitely melt on the 65km trip. \n\nOn my first visit I tried the tapioca pudding gelato - OMG. I wish I had ordered a large. \nNext up, black sesame, divine. I love the Chinese black sesame dessert, but this is even better.  Spicy mango and guava plum salt - all refreshing and delicious unique flavours.  \n\nNo stabilizers (gums) are used in their gelato and it's super fresh. When in the area I always try to make a side trip to Kekou - you should too!
5	I loved the variety of flavours. The sizes and pricing are very fair and it's cool that you can get 2 flavours in a small.\n\nThe service was very efficient, friendly, and helpful.\n\nI can't wait to go back and try more flavours. \n\nP.S. Durian is interesting, but smells like cat pee.
4	Kekou Gelato House (@KekouGelato), newly open in Baldwin St is perfectly located with all the Asian restaurant around. While the gelato is made the Italian Way, the flavors are very much Asian Flavored.\n\nLove the space which is bright and sunny with super friendly staff and are all happy to offer samples. After hearing they have Durian gelato, I just had to give it a try\n\nThey offer Non Diary flavors which is different and perfect for lactose intolerant people  \n\n They use traditional Pozzetti Cabinet which keeps the gelato free from contaminants, air and sunshine; keeping it in its original form longer. \nPlus all of their bases are made in house and aged for 10-12 hour.\n\n We got a Medium for $4.25 and choice of 3 flavors.\n\nSpicy Mango\n~ sold in street carts and snacks shop, this gelato totally capture all the flavors\nDurian\n~ A bit lighter then the actual fruit but still very flavorful with bits of fruits in it, so good that we end up buying a whole container home. Stinky goodness!!!\nSoursop \n~ love to get the milkshake at pho/Vietnamese restaurants, so just had to get this frozen version \n\n Verdict :\nNever had Asian flavors gelato anywhere else and I love it\nCan't wait to go back to try the rest of the flavors (^_^)
5	My goal was to try the durian gelato. Upon entering the store there's this smell that reminds me of home (Malaysia where durian is our national fruit). I don't know why durian is often described for smelling like hell but it smells and tastes like heaven to me. Anyway, back to reviewing gelato. I knew I was getting durian for sure but I tried black sesame and Vietnamese coffee. I found black sesame would be too sweet to pair with durian so I picked Vietnamese coffee. I told the server what I wanted and she asked if I wanna try before \"making such a drastic and bold choice\". Lol. \n\nDuran gelato didn't disappoint at all. It's creamy and pungent - HEAVEN! I wished I picked two scoops of the same flavour. I bet it tastes better than buying those frozen durian from Chinatown. \n\nI would definitely return for more durian gelato and I highly recommend this place!
5	Best gelato ever! \nNow, I might be slightly biased considering I can't honestly say I've had gelato anywhere else... but Kekou has me addicted.  \n\nIt's a cute little shop really close to work, and I came here two days in a row because the first experience was so impressive.  I've had the Vietnamese coffee flavour, black sesame, durian, and HK milk tea - while all were super indulgent, Vietnamese coffee came out as my clear favourite.  Black sesame is not new to me, but just couldn't get used to the grittiness (not to mention all the bits that must have stuck to teeth afterwards).  I vaguely wonder if they've toned down the durian flavour, since it wasn't as strong as I remember from the actual fruit :P \n\nI don't know if it's just the humid temps the 2 days I visited, but I found that one flavour out of the two in a small cup always melts faster than the other... this gets slightly difficult to enjoy given the tiny plastic scoop (with a tiny indentation as the spoon) before the flavours melt into an indistinguishable soup.  However, I'm well on my way to becoming a regular + completing my first stamp card; the nice price at $3.75 (with tax) for a small doesn't hurt either.\n\nNew favourite dessert place.  This could get dangerous.
5	Amazing!! This is my second visit to Kekou and still amazing customer service, friendly and attentive staff. Despite the slightly long line up and small space they have, the staff there are very speedy in service, but at the same time does not rush you if you want to try all flavours before you decide. This takes away the pressure and stress for indecisive people like myself. The flavours they have are great. Whisky green tea is strong in both flavours and at the same time very well paired. Roasted Oolong has a pungent tea taste. Unfortunately, I was unable to try the Spicy Salted Pineapple which they did not have today, but maybe I'll save it for my 3rd visit. I bought 2 pints of gelatos today and the staff there, if I have not mentioned one too many times already, are GREAT! Although I was prepared for this and brought with me a cooler bag and ice packets (which they did not know as I kept it in my car), they added in a small bag of ice to keep it frozen without me even asking,\n\nOne small thing to add, they have complimentary self-serve lemon infused water on the side for customers for warm summer days like these or if you just want to wash the sugar off your pallet after you have enjoyed your choice of gelato. \n\nI work in customer service and is a food lover, I can say that there is quality with the product and their staff. :)
5	Ice cream. It makes the world go round. This place is conveniently located next to the Japanese gift shop, and offers a variety of different flavors. All really tasty and delicious. Plus the girls working are really nice and soft-spoken. All in all a pleasant experience!
5	I tried this place after eating ramen and lovedddd it!!! I didn't expect such natural flavours considering they offered so many different types of unusual flavours. Upon entering, the workers allowed me to try as many flavours as I wanted. The flavour is not artificial at all and is very delicate. I had the strawberry lychee (sorbet; non-dairy) and the milk tea (dairy), which were both fantastic. Would love to visit again!!\n\nThe price is right for gelato. Especially because we get to have two flavours in a cup!
5	This place is a yes for me, the gelato flavors are unusual but tasty. I think my favorite is their jasmine soft serve it is soo goood. They have moved to queen west.
5	falling in love immediately with this place just first time came here. I love everything about this place! unique ice-cream flavours, my best best is spicy salted pineapple, extremely friendly lovely staff, simple space but casually, relaxing atmosphere.\nIt seems the ice cream flavours are seasonal, but still a variety of choices: vietnamese coffee, oolong tea, whiskey green tea, rice wine, black sesame, sour op, durian, ect. Add a little bit more for a fresh made cone would never be disappointing.
4	In this age of me too Gelato places, it is refreshing to see a different take on the Italian dessert.  The flavours are actually unique and not the typical vanilla and stracciatella.  Not that there is anything wrong with the tried and true.  It's just nice to see someone offering something different in the city.  \n\nLocation is good on Baldwin, with other neighboring restaurants close by.  Benches outside are nice for the patrons.  Inside is decorated nicely with a view of the person actually making the gelato so we know it's not sourced somewhere else like other places.  \n\nTried a few flavours, Jasmine tea (too strong), ginger milk (spicy!), yogourt (very nice), banana avocado (more banana than avocado).  If anything the flavours are a bit strong but some people may prefer that.  Will try other flavours on other visits.  Quantity and quality are very good for the dollar.  If you're in the area, worth a visit.
5	I've been here about 5 times already and still haven't had a single bad experience. Very unique flavours that you won't find anywhere else! My favourites are HK Milk Tea, Black Sesame (omg so goodddd), Pistachio Rosewater, Viet Coffee and Oolong Tea. The durian one is pretty good as well if you like it. Definitely recommend visiting this place! They have a punch card too so even more incentive to come back! Haha. The ladies there helping are also very patient so you can taste test some flavours before you commit to getting a full scoop!
5	Discovered this place by accident while having Ramen near Baldwin. Very quint little settlement. All home made and unique flavors!! \nI had the ginger milk, durian and jasmine tea! They were all superb!!!\n\nGotta try them out if u like Asian centric flavors. It Doesn't have normal flavors, but if u want that, just go to the grocers and get ur self tub of Generic brand.  \n\nThey also have soy based gelato, good for people that can't take dairy.\n\nI will be back for more, maybe buy a tub to serve at home!
5	This is my go-to Gelato House. I like durian paired with a sweet flavour. The Vanilla Lotus Bean has real vanilla and fat Lotus beans. The choice of flavours is large. Try them all!
5	My husband and I are a fan of Kekou Gelato House. I like the unique and interesting flavours that this place provides. He's a huge durian lover and I absolutely can't stand the smell. I would say, the smell and taste of the Durian flavour gelato is really true to how the actual fruit is. Very rare you would get to have such an option in grocery stores/ asian supermarkets. I hate the durian real fruit and therefore, the gelato doesn't make me want to eat it anymore-- but HE LOVES IT! TRY it if you love DURIAN!!\n\nI am a fan of coffee (Anything coffee flavour!!) I'm so used to yummy creamy coffee flavour of Haagen Daaz. I truly enjoy the vietnamese coffee though! Its such a strong smell and full of heavy coffee flavour! we would buy TUBS of this back home to eat!\n\nI also quite like the black sesame! I like the little bits of sesame seeds grinder into the gelato! I like how the sesame flavour is so strong as well. I can't find these flavours in the asian supermarket (they often taste too sweet and creamy). \n\nI also really enjoy the HK MILK tea flavour! Such a unique taste-- as if you're drinking the actual drink!! \n\nReally good place! \n\nSeating: it's busy there but not too bad. At least the store is big enough to find a little bench or table to sit down and enjoy your gelato!
5	Go here and don't think twice. Awesome and creative flavour combinations combined with really friendly service make kekou my new favourite gelato place! They encourage you to taste so many different flavours. I had peanut sesame and viet coffee but you really can't go wrong with anything here.
5	Love this place! The viet coffee, oolong tea, and black sesame flavours are must-try's. Just wish that they were open all year round...
4	The food & selection (4.5/5): I've been here more than ten times and I was never disappointed. Their gelato flavours are one of the most interesting I've seen. My favorites are Vietnamese coffee, green bean coconut and oolong milk tea. You can choose to have your gelato in a cup or a cone (which there are also several flavours). For fruity one, I like soursop. They also have soft serves in jasmine tea and almond tofu flavours, with this year's 2 additions, yogurt and passion fruit (dairy free), offered only during summer though. They also offer various types of drinks in this location. \n\nCost (3/5): $5 after tax for a medium cup with two flavours. They adjusted their price recently. A small one is cheaper than before ($3) but you only get one scope of one flavour. The large cup costs $7 I believe. They also changed the way they fill the ice cream. They used to fill the two flavors side by side and pack as much into the paper cup as they could. But now it's by scoop and they stack one on top of the other. So I think the medium cup i got this time was less than what I used to get. \n\nService (4/5): You can sample before getting an entire scope (which helps a lot since they have all these exotic flavours like spicy pineapple, green tea whiskey, rosewater pistachio, durian...). Staffs are quite friendly about it. You also get a stamp for each ice cream purchase. When you have collected 10 stamps, you'll be able to redeem a free one. \n\nAmbience (3.5/5): The place is always busy and they have only a bench near the door, and two long tables and a round one in the store. You'll almost feel like you want to get out right after you're done so other people can sit - so it might not be the best place if you want to chill, talk and hang out with friends.
5	When Asian flavors meet Italian ice cream, you get Kekou Gelato. Very difficult to choose what flavor(s) to get but the staff is very accommodating and will let you sample whatever you'd like and do so with a smile. I've been to many similar places that seem a little stingy with their samples. Not the case at Kekou.\n\nI ended up getting a scoop of rice wine milk and a scoop of osmantus plum berry. I don't even know what either is really but they pleased my tastebuds. I liked how the fruitiness of the plum berry mixed with the creaminess of the rice wine milk.  Good combo!  \n\nIt's a little bit of a stroll through a residential area to get there from Chinatown but not too bad. Indoor and outdoor seating, so you can enjoy gelato regardless of the weather.  Flavors change according to what fruits are in season so they give you plenty of reasons to come back and have a loyalty card to reward you.
5	If you love Asian inspired gelato, this is the place to go!  I tried the Hong Kong milk tea, Vietnamese coffee and durian and it is mouth-watering.  You can really taste the flavour of the gelato.  \n\nThey also have a stamp card so if you get nine gelatos you'll get one free.
5	This place is fantastic, and ties with Greg's Ice Cream for one of my favorite dessert places in the city.\n\nI've always liked black sesame ice cream and I've found it difficult to find in Toronto, but then Kekou came around and blew me away - it's better than any black sesame ice cream I've had in my life. I especially like the texture because they make it in-house, you can find bits of sesame seeds in your gelato.\n\nThey also have durian flavour, which I love, because it tastes exactly like durian, and doesn't seem to have extra sugar or anything added to it to modify the taste. The texture is creamier than the black sesame too, which is appropriate for durian. Durian's awesome, haters gonna hate.\n\nBe sure to sample several flavours before you make your choices!
5	My fav place!!  I always come here when I'm in the area, and also make a detour when I'm not :D   My favourite flavour is black sesame, but I've tried so many others and none had disappointed.  If you are having a hard time choosing, ask to sample flavours!  Also, since I know you'll be returning, get a stamp card ;)
4	I have been to Kekou numerous times and every single time Kekou is clutch and satisfies my sweet tooth. On my most recent visit it was a hot Friday afternoon and I got a scoop of their newer flavours - almond tofu gelato.  It was just sweet enough to not leave that sugary after taste in your mouth and it was perfect for a hot afternoon.  At this location they don't have soft serve so I'm very excited to visit the Queen St. location to try their soft serve next time :)
5	So adorable.  The staff are helpful and quick.  The flavours are so inspired by the husband and wife creators and owners.  I really enjoyed the black sesame and green bean coconut flavours.  If you like coffee then Vietnamese coffee is the way to go.  Next time will go for durian flavour!!  The small cup with 2 flavours is more than enough to satisfy my craving since they do a great job of packing them into the cup.\n\nIt is great that they have water for drinking and condensed milk available nearby.  Cute interior and adorable designs.
4	My friends and I during our trip in Toronto suddenly developed a craving for durian. We found this place on yelp that serves durian gelato and decided to check it out and satisfiy our urges.\n\nThe place had a wide variety of unique flavors, we decided to get a pint of Hong Kong milk tea and durian gelato. The Hong Kong milk tea gelato was amazing, tasted just like the milk tea with a really creamy texture. The highlight of the visit, durian gelato. It was amazing, the taste of durian with the creaminess of gelato. There were bits of durian in the gelato as well, simply amazing. Will definitely come back for more durian and maybe try the other flavors.
5	This gelato place is amazing and I always want to come here whenever I go downtown. They have so many Asian inspired flavours and I don't have anything to complain about it. I've been here numerous occasions and recommend it to all of my friends. \nI've tried many flavours such as Vietnamese coffee, HK milk tea, whiskey green tea, black sesame, green bean coconut etc... I wish I lived closer so I could go more often because this cute little shop is a must during any trip downtown. \nThey allow customers to sample their flavours and the team members are quite friendly and helpful. It can get a bit busy at times but it's worth the wait.
4	Very Interesting unique flavors, I love the Vietnamese Coffee and green tea whiskey if you want to experiment things. The flavors are strong and lasting, a good quality place to be. They also give you a voucher that can be stamped after each purchase and you unlock free goodies. \n\nIf you want to sit, they offer limited space inside and outside. I gave this place 4 stars because I found the gelato to be rather on the expensive side. \n\nNevertheless, a must go for all these exotic and interesting Asian flavors.
5	Great flavours.  Great service.  Great everything.  This is fantastic gelato.  It's a little on the pricey side - but it offers things that no other gelato place makes.\n\nAlso - they make it without preservatives, and other such nonsense a lot of places add to make the stuff last if it doesn't sell.\n\nThis place is charming.
5	Like all the other reviews written here - it is seriously one of the best gelato places I've been.\n\nThe first time I had was the Tsing Tao Peach.  What a combination!  You can really distinctively taste the peach mix with the Tsing Tao (which is a Chinese beer btw).  It's sweet, refreshing (perfect for the summer) and you can a little tipsy from it.\n\nOther flavors I recommend include the Green Tea Whisky, Makegolli, Viet Milk Tea, HK Style Milk Tea, Seasame (THE BEST!).\n\nYou can order 1 or 2 flavors.  If it's your first time, definitely do more variety so you can know which ones you like.  If you're with a few friends, get a wide variety and share!\n\nThey also provide sampling if you're not sure how it will taste like (very nice and friendly staff).  You can also buy a tube home if you definitely know you want more of this delicious stuff!\n\nRemember to collect and bring your stamp card!
5	Overall: Best place to get great-valued unique-flavoured ice cream that actually taste good!\n\nLocation: Situated on Baldwin Street a couple minutes from St. Patrick Station.\n\nPrice: Around $5 for 2 scoops. They also have a stamp card because, honestly, you're coming back. \n\nFood: They have really unique and delicious tea flavours, such as HK milk tea or roasted oolong, it's a great place to start. If you're feeling a bit more adventurous, there's salted spicey pineapple, rum and raisins, etc. Honestly, I'm not sure why these flavours aren't everywhere because I personally love them much more than the generic tastes! They're also really nice about letting you try flavours. The only issue is after trying 3, you have to heartbreakingly eliminate one, or binge on 3 flavours. I went there so much last summer (often by myself because there's no shame in self love), that I had to modify my route home just so I don't pass by it all the time.
5	This place is always packed everytime I've come here! Ok, I've only just learned about this place so really I've only been here twice, but each time it's packed. I love their flavours. I used to have to make these flavors at home. But now that there's a ice shop that gets me, I am a fan and project that I will be packing on lots of weight thanks to them! I always get the durian because I love durian, but their other ones are good too. Black sesame is awesome. Soursop is delicious. Avocado-banana, I'm still trying to come up with a judgement on, but hey, it's different and that's a good quality!
4	Asian Gelato heaven!!! oh my wow!!! \n\nso I have never had Asian inspired Gelato before and it was so interesting to see the many different flavours this shop had to offer. from spicy sweet, salty sweet, to sour sweet. they had everything.\n\nthe place was cute and I don't know if its just me but this place looked like we picked it up from japan and plopped it right in the middle of Baldwin street. LOL. \n\nthe flavours I have tried were the chocolate ginger (very interesting mix) I would eat that if I was sick because ginger is good for sore throats, but I ended up with a scoop of red bean white chocolate ( probably the best read bean ice cream/gelato I have ever tasted), my friend who was with me had the spicy pineapple and oh me oh my that was an a good, interesting flavour . \n\nthey also had sesame flavour and other cool and interesting flavour. I would for sure bring my family here to try it out, and I am for sure coming back :)
5	This is my fave place for ice-cream. I prefer these flavours over BangBang. And because it's actually gelato, it's lighter and has less fat. \n\nThe green bean coconut and peanut sesame are so addictive!!!
5	So many Asian-inspired flavours!  \n\nSpicy mango, guava with plum, HK milk tea, peanut and sesame, vietnamese coffee, etc...  The list goes on!\n\nYou can get two flavours in the small or medium cups, three flavours in a large.  You can also purchase a larger styrofoam container for take-out.  \n\nDon't forget to ask for the frequent buyer's card!  I'm sure you will be back!
5	I ordered the HK milk tea and pistachio rose water gelato. It was delicious! And such a good deal. Very much worth it! 10/10 recommend this place!
5	If you're craving gelato amongst Toronto humidity, this is the place to go! Stopped by here after dinner for dessert with friends. The flavour I tried was almond tofu - which was basically almond ice cream with a hint of tofu flavour. One scoop in a cup was $3.50, and it was just enough to satisfy my sweet tooth! \n\nThere are lots of other unique flavours to choose from - including HK milk tea, pistachio rosewater, oolong tea, green tea whiskey, etc - which I would also recommend (tried my friends'). \n\nOne thing to note: there were no vegan/dairy free options available at the time but they did say they would make the option available soon, so hopefully that will be in place soon as sometimes dairy can get me and I would love to have the option of choosing coconut milk based ice cream instead.
5	Holy moly. Oh my goodness. Go here. \n\nIf you like that soft serve stuff in any of its reincarnations (cones from McDonalds, Menchies and other pay-by-weight places where you load your chemical soft serve with skittles, Twizzlers, and sour keys), either you'll hate this place or if you are open to new experiences - you'll be blown away. Fact: I am not like the person I described above.\n\nI love gelato, more specifically, I love home-made/made on premise gelato. Ok where do I start? I love the concept of this place - what an amazing idea. It brings all of my favorite flavours to a medium that is so widely accepted! The quality of the gelato is excellent so I think it will help encourage ppl experience new flavours that they otherwise may not have any interest in, like Sour sop, Green bean, Durian, Lotus Seed, Red bean, Black Sesame, etc. They do it creatively as well by mixing it with something more familiar, like Vanilla lotus seed and coconut green bean. Of course they have familiar flavours as well, like strawberry-lychee and mango.\n\nThe product is very good - smooth, silky, creamy. Very clean with no aftertaste. The right consistency and not icy at all. I tried the black sesame (features crushed black sesame seeds for an interesting texture), banana avocado (more banana than avocado, but avocado doesn't really have a bold flavour so I think this imbalance keeps it from being bland. very creamy), vanilla lotus seed (has half lotus seeds in it), and cashew (creamy, tasted like cashews).\n\nThe service was excellent. The customer in front of me tried too many flavours despite the long line up behind him (sample abusers ARE THE WORST) and the counter help was still so nice. Service with a smile. They are also very happy to give recommendations. There's no seating inside, but they have benches outside which is nice, and great to sit on to enjoy Baldwin street on a beautiful summer night. Probably not ideal in the winter but who cares. \n\nI love that they serve their gelatos out beneath the counter containers like they do in Italy. The counter is in an L shape with small labels on the glass. The flavours are also written outside on a chalk board, and posted inside on a board. They must make their gelato in small batches because I was there around 8 or 9 and they were sold out of 5-8 different flavours.\n\nLast point: Since extensively travelling Italy years ago with my BFF, I've had a love affair with gelato. I am willing to pay a premium for a good product b/c there are too many unnatural (aka bad) tasting gelatos out there. Luckily, for $3.75 (small) you get a good sized amount and get to try two flavours so it's easy on the wallet and for a very satisfying amount. Def looking forward to going back and trying out the flavours I missed out on.
5	HK milk tea gelato is wonderful! Lots of asian flavors like black sesame, vietnamese coffee, red bean.
5	Had the red bean and chocolate and rosemary pistachio. Amazing. Loved them. If you want to try new ice cream flavours, it's the place to go.
5	*Breathes deeply* \n\nKekou is the epitome of quirky, Asian-inspired fro yo and gelato.  If you've been to East Asia and was lucky enough to dine on the geographically \"exclusive\" durian and tofu flavoured ice cream/gelato, then you have to wiggle your behind over to Kekou!  Kekou manages to banish all elements of geographical boundaries, serving notable flavours, such as durian, almond tofu, Vietnamese coffee, jasmine tea, whiskey green tea, rosewater pistachio, and the list goes on.\n\nMany of these dairy goodies are made in-house and none of them have preservatives, stabilizers, food colouring, dextrose, corn syrup, soy lecithin, and etc.  I give this a big thumbs up, because you see too many products out there labeled as \"frozen dairy desserts\" rather than desserts made with real milk and cream without all the unpronounceable chemicals and additives. \n\nMy usual go-to is the durian gelato, which comes to no surprise (re: my name).  This time around, however, I opted for the Rosewater Pistachio gelato and the Almond Tofu gelato, partly because I have been on the rosewater beauty bandwagon for some time now and partly because tofu has always been a great ingredient in East-Asian desserts for as long as I can remember.  Both gelatos had great flavour.  They didn't taste water-downed or too \"in-your-face\".  They tasted very refreshing, actually, so much so that you wouldn't think you were eating anything unhealthy at all!\n\nKekou's staff members are very friendly and are eager to let you sample any of their concoctions during your visit.  Need a cup of joe every morning? Then grab the Vietnamese Coffee.  Love your original bubble tea?  Try the HK Milk Tea or Jasmine Tea.  Need a bit of \"adult\" zing in your dessert? Then I highly recommend the Whiskey Green Tea (another personal favourite).  From what I've seen, they rotate their flavours, so sometimes you'll be lucky enough to find the soy bean/kinako gelatos and some other ginger varieties (right now, they have Chocolate Ginger, but I'm not a chocolate fan).  \n\nKekou has been my HG dessert joint since its inception and I think it will remain in this place, even in the face of iHalo Krunch (which has charcoal and ube ice cream), Pablo (Japanese cheese tart master), and the ever-expanding Japanese cheesecake fad.  Their prices are very similar to those found at Dairy Queen, Basket Robbins, and etc., so there really isn't anything to lose!
5	Excellent! Had the great fortune to sit at the chef's table and watch the culinary genius of Chef Chris Kalisperas. Our table of 5 tasted more than half of the menu:  starting with the flavourful dips like you've never had before, fresh in-house warm pita bread, succulent octopus, exquisite quail, Greek cheese served at the perfect temperature, lamb chops that were so meaty and seasoned just right, unique goat tartare, to lamb sausage with skordalia (like mashed potatoes but pur\u00e9ed with garlic and oil).  Even the village salad which was simple marinated tomatoes with fresh feta was fantastic. Chef Kalisperas knows the trick of using top quality ingredients in interesting combinations and allowing the flavours to tantalize your tastebuds. Gather a few friends and enjoy an evening dining experience extraordinaire at Mamakas Taverna!
1	I would give this place minus 5 stars if I could. I was walking by that place with a friend at around 1 pm when we saw a guy grilling a lamb outdoors. We were tempted to try it and the guy and his buddy told us to come after 3 pm to try it. When we came at 3:05 they closed the place in front of us. I was really surprised and asked their hostess how is it possible that they invite people to come at times when they're closed. She spoke to the \"lamb guy\" and invited us in (he was nice). Inside we were ambushed by a very arrogant manager who didn't even apologize for what happened. He was happy to tell us that they are closed and no more lamb left. \"Come after 5 pm for dinner serve\" he said. I'll be honest I was already reluctant to go, but in the end of the day you only live once. We came there at 5:30. The same manager didn't even say hi, though he clearly made contact with both of us on multiple occasions. The hostess offered us seats a the bar next to the smoky kitchen. As a side note she asked if we have reservations (we didn't but why couldn't she offer us to make reservation when we spoke to her earlier that day?!). It took 20 minutes and 3 reminders for waitress to arrive. During this time we had an opportunity to overlook some food burning on the grill, and their manager and chef badmouthing pedestrians. In the end of the day the waitress arrived and told us that we can't have this lamb as it will be ready only in a couple of hours. We left of course. This place truly sucks and I will never ever come there again. What a f***ing waste of time! I normally don't write reviews on Yelp, but I had to post it as it simply unacceptable!
5	Brilliant, sophisticated, classy, and ambient is the best way I can describe this Greek gem at Ossington and Queen.\n\nWe ordered Melitzanosalata, from their 4 delicious dips at $7.00 each. It was the most delicious melody of authentic Olive oil and strawberry and honey flavoured thick Greek yogurt which came with a side of the thickest garnished lightly oiled pita bread. We also ordered an appetizer called Halloumi (goat/sheep cheese) infused with corn, Peaches, and Pistachios. It was extremely unique and delicious.\n\nFor our entr\u00e9e we ordered half chicken and grilled calamari. Chicken was nicely crispy and grilled and came infused with thick Greek yogurt and mango chutney. Grilled calamari was also infused in a gourmet sauce.\n\nAs I was enjoying my decadent meal I was having hard time believing I was eating Greek food. This place is as authentic, delicious, and gourmet as it gets. And the prices are not that steep which makes it even more attractive. I didn't order dessert this time but will definitely be back for their pear cake and baklava which was being served behind me with a scoop of rich vanilla ice cream.
5	Went with the family on Sunday night. \nThe place was busy ,loved vibe. \nThe food was excellent!!!!!!!\nFresh and tasty and the service was super friendly. \nWe are coming back foshu.
4	Great Spot - Super Busy and Super loud , went in with a group of 10 .. we had a prix fix menu which was great as it gave us an opportunity to try a lot of the menu. The food was great loved the spanakoptia (sp) - Lamb chops were on point and Octopus was very good. The only area i saw this fail in was the service, I can respect the place is busy but waiting 15mins for a 2 cocktails was a bit much. ALso for one reason or another our waitress kept forgetting to clear our plates ? so as food kept coming she was struggling to find space to put our food down (we did sharing style) so eventually we just helped her along with piling all the plates together. The desserts were fantastic we had the ice cream and backlava (sp) - they were also very good.. would have given 5 stars if only i could find space to put my drink down LOL .. great resto you wont be disappointed
5	Easily one of the best meals I've had anywhere. I love Greek food.  The extremely knowledgable waiter helped us select the best bottle of white wine which went perfectly with the lite, nearly mousse like taramasalata, grilled pita, olives and grilled Octopus.  \n\nSo simple at first glance, but each dish was created from meticulously selected and costly imported ingredients prepared with a variety of methods ranging from pickling, sous vide, grilling and braising. Truly a wonderful meal made better by its spontaneity. (Planned to go to union based on recommendations but they were booked for the night). I will be back EVERY TIME I visit Toronto.\n\nPlace is a little tight, but feels homey while being a bit contemporary and clean. Pricey and portioned conservatively, but so worth it. \n\nDefinitely give it a shot.
4	Very nice ambience and great service. Quality of food was great. Best lamb ever. Make sure you try olive oil ice cream! Very interesting. This place is going to be a fave for us from now on.
5	Extraordinary staff, a gorgeous venue, and some of the best hummus I've ever had in my life makes this an amazing venue. The spanakopita is to die for, too. Great place for a date, but make sure you plan in advance, as this place is super busy.
2	Really wanted to enjoy this place. As many people have said here they heard great things and were excited to try this food. Our experience unfortunately fell short of what we expected.\n\nCured swordfish. 3.5/5: - ok flavour. Under seasoned. \n\nCheese Saganaki. 1/5: Maybe we don't know Greek food, but this was was basic. You could get this at any bar. Its a bunch of cheese melted in a cast iron skillet with some figs and raw walnuts. A joke.\n\nLamb. 2/5: Anyone saying this is the best lamb in the city is a joke. It was overcooked and under seasoned. Cold when it arrived. We can not stress enough - this is not the best lamb in the city.\n\nOctopus. 3/5: Slightly over cooked. Underwhelming dish in our opinion.\n\nGreens. 3.5/5: Green beans that you can make at home. Made at Mamakas.\n\nCocktails. 5/5: Great drinks.\n\nCan't stress enough that this place is over-rated and over-priced. Read the reviews and you will see consistently that the dishes above receive the same criticism - with the occasional fanboy raving about how the tzatziki is the best they ever had. So many better options.
4	Beautiful room, grill is hot and food is quite nice.  Nice service\nTouch pricey but kind of worth it\nUpscale Greek
5	Food: What can I say this place is Amazing!!!\n\nService: Was number one, my glass was never empty.\n\nOrdered: Spanakopita, Tzatziki Dip, Chicken, Pork sausage, I was completely full by the end of all that.
5	Favourite Greek spot in town. Rahil was our waiter and treated us like family. Lamb chops and sea bream fish was the best I've ever had, grilled, baked and torched afterwards.
5	Had dinner at the chefs bar with a good friend. As expected for a Saturday, the place was really bustling, line up at the door the whole night. The atmosphere is great, beautiful room, upbeat music and a well run kitchen banging out amazing food. It is family style dining so we had 5 or 6 dishes that were all a good size. By far the best was the grilled Octopus, it was actually the best I've ever had. It was cooked to perfection and paired wonderfully with peas. I can't wait to go back and try the lamb chops as they looked amazing! Service was attentive and pleasant. Will definitely go back and spread the good word.
5	Go with a group of 6 and order as much as you can. Everything is so flavourful and the service was stand out. Our server gave us recommendations on how much to order to ensure we are full and get the true experience. Not your typical Greek restaurant...and that is a good thing. The decor is clear and makes you feel at home all at the same time. I loved the octopus.
4	For starters, I would recommend the olives and the taramosalata/kopanisti house dips. Very different textures but great beginners. The grilled octopus was tender to perfection. We ordered the grilled Ontario lamb and I have had better so I wouldn't order it again. For dessert, try the baklava with honey + milk ice cream. We also ordered the olive oil ice cream but it crumbled (not smooth and creamy like gelato). It did taste better when we let the ice cream melt slightly. Aside from food, the service was impeccable, very friendly!
4	Fantastic service and food, the waiters were great but the busboy was a hustler, we all watched him worked and we felt we would hire him in a heartbeat. Bartender was great, I loved my drink. The piece de resistance of the evening was the Octopus, although everything else was awesome, we all loved the octopus. Our waiter said, the kalamari was great but the Oct0pus is amazing. We got both. Next time I am in Toronto I will return. ( the space is also really nice).
5	Food ****1/2\nService ***\nAmbience ****\n\nThese folks have it going on!  I've walked past here a hundred times and thought it was a cafe.  I'm glad I found this spot.  \n\nAs we were a larger group, we ordered a number of dishes including lamb, chicken, Greek salad, Octopus, Greek Salad and a few others.  \n\nThe standouts were the Greek salad and (surprisingly) the chicken.  Both were exceptional. The Greek salad olives (paste) were so flavourful - I'm glad some folks at the table didn't like olives and I got to go to town on it!\n\nThe group and 3 bottles of wine and a few cocktails.   Bill came to under $100 including an t&t (18% grat), which was reasonable in my opinion for that much food and a good helping of alcohol.   Service was good at the start, however towards the end when I finished my drink and was looking to get another, our server was nowhere to be found.
5	Just what we needed on a Sunday stroll on Ossington. The food is beautifully presented and tastes as good as it looks. Super fresh ingredients and made to order.
1	Guys you smell like your menu. No excuses. Tempted by the Greek menu and the nice decor.... Regretted our choice with the first course.... Beside the good wine and tender octopus, there is clearly a disconnect between what you project and the actual experience. We are still trying to air our jackets and disappointment
2	So... first of all it's the first Greek restaurant that feels Greek without using 25 pictures of Acropolis and another 43 of Santorini!\nSo atmosphere is really nice.\nThe Greek recipes are very interesting but the portions are ridiculously small. So small that I've lost one of the meatballs in my mouth. Maybe I swallowed it, don't know.\nYes, some products are imported, most are vegetables but still, I know the costs and it doesn't add up to $18 for 2 bites of Greek salad. The green beans were the biggest I've ever seen so GMO was the first thing that came in my mind.\nThe taste was really good no complaints there but definitely not a traditional Greek food, and It's not very nice to leave a restaurant hungry and a bit furious when you see the total $.\n\nWe'll go back for sure for drinks and an appetizer but not if we are hungry.\nRegulars if they double the portions (not the prices)
5	Through all of its aspects the experience at Mamakas has left me with a sense of having tasted, aside from the food, a bit of that \"plain sybarite\" aesthetic that exerts such a vibrant hold on the greek rural and insular atmosphere. Been here twice and loved it both times. It is pricey, but a worthwhile expense every once in while, if you feel like treating yourself to perfect food and great wine in an uplifting environment. I've only visited weekday evenings and even though the place was fully booked, atmosphere was chill and service pleasant, laid back yet casual. Food was a delight, and so was the wine. Their cocktail menu is a great reason for paying yet another visit in the near future.
5	We loved this place. Stopped in on a busy weekday night and quickly got a seat at the kitchen. We would highly recommend sitting there when you dine here.\n\nWe quickly fell in love with the atmosphere and friendliness of the staff. We ordered the rose which was crisp, refreshing and light. It paired perfectly with the smoked trout appetizer. The food was absolutely fantastic, both complex and authentic.
5	Many over priced Greek restos dot the city, and I always considered this to be one of them. Its location and popularity with the instagram set didn't help. Boy was I wrong! \n\nService: 4.5 Very friendly and helpful\nDeco: 4.75\nApps: 4-4.5\nMain: 4.5-4.75 Yum! (Heard octopus is best avoided from fellow foodie)\nDesert: 4.75 (pick the first two options,which includes the bakalava)\nValue: 4 little pricey\n\nRepeat: Yeah! \n\nTotal score: 4.75\n\nOverall one of my favourite discoveries in a long time on the TO food scene. I have to thank my fellow Yelper and sis-in law for dragging us here.
4	Great food.  I am usually the carnivore out of the group,  but decided to try most of the vege options and truly enjoyed them. Service by James and the kitchen staff was quite welcoming and hospitable.
5	Proper greek food. Proper service. Wine list is just awesome - all greek wines which I never ever get. But the server was able to guide me to a very 'pinot noir'-esque recommendation that was perfect. Get lots of pita... tons of opportunities to dip in just about any dish you get. Ill be back!
2	The food was very average and it took a long time to prepare.  The hostess had a major attitude, and the server was quite clueless.  Overall, it isn't a good value for money place.  I will not return.
5	Absolutely fantastic food, cocktails, service and ambiance. The most excellent bottle of Greek wine. We went for a bite, but stayed a long time and just kept eating and drinking. Wonderful all around!
4	Loved this place for its authentic feel, charisma, the service was stellar, and the small but delightful dishes were made to perfection.  The service/waiters were on the ball the entire time, so friendly, and helpful.  Also,we met the owner, Thanos, and he was a perfect gentleman and lovely to us, and we will definitely go back.  It's not really in our area of convenience, but it is definitely worth the trip and its in a cute quaint part of Ossington which seems to also be booming.  Overall, GREAT GREEK DISHES, beautiful d\u00e9cor and feel;  keep up the great work and congrats on a fab new joint to the area..it's not always easy to pull off greek cuisine so authentically and accurately while still being unique!  will definitely go back :)
5	Amazing staff. Great vibe. Declicious food. I've been twice. It's a great addition to the Ossington strip.
1	Pricey, mediocre food. For brunch, it's a no. Youre paying for the ambiance, i like to pay for my food.\n\nWe went for brunch. I was banking on them having what looked to me like the best item on their menu--custard pie, bougatsa--but they didn't have it and thus i was forced to find something else on the menu, which did not impress me. We settled for the baklava inspired french toast but it was not good: dry and unflavourful. We also shared the white omlette which was equally unmemorable and the melizanosalata which was not as tasty as it seemed to be. It didnt seem as though the establishment was willing to make concessions for us--if we could take two dips rather than a full portion, or get sufficient syrup for the french toast that was particularly dry..... for the price, they really should be more open to better customer service.\n\nThe place was expensive and again, unimpressive. Would not recomend for brunch.
4	This was a fun change of pace.\nLoved the pitas and the taramsalta dip was great. By far the most generous portion as well.\nThe swordfish crudo was elegant clean flavors with radish and peppers but a tiny portion.  However it was delicious. \n\nGoat Tartare was great loved the texture and the beets. Portion was ok but smallish. I'd definitely get this again.\n\nOctopus was excellent but small for a main. It would have seemed small for an app. \n\nGreat cocktails and a decent red wine. \nThe baklava ice cream dessert was delicious a perfect fit for the menu.\n\nThe space is great, the tables are tight however. \n\nWould i go back? Yes but not if I'm super hungry. But the flavor was perfect.
4	I've had Mamakas on my list of \"go to\" restaurants for a while and it met all of my expectations! I went there with a girlfriend for dinner last night and the food was so delicious. As a half greek myself, and having been exposed to a lot of real Greek food in my life, this restaurant held its own quite well!\n\nFirst off, our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. After we ordered he offered us a new menu item on the house to get our opinion (yes please!)\n\nWe ordered the keftedes (beef and mint meatballs) and Greek salad to start and the item on the house was the saganaki with apricot & honey. The keftedes were nice and light with the mint sauce and the Greek salad was very traditional without lettuce and lots of feta but the saganaki was by far our favorite. The saganaki is on the menu without the apricot but the sweet and salty pairing was absolutely amazing! Hopefully they add it to the menu soon so everyone else can try because it was to die for.\n\nAs a main course I had the fish of the day which was sea bream and my friend ordered the moussaka which is a Greek version of lasagna/Sheppard's pie. The fish was a whole fish, head and all, dressed with lots of lemon, oregano and olive oil (yum)! The moussaka had the same flavors as my Greek relatives make so I was very impressed. As recommended from our waiter, we also ordered a side of red peppers which were also sweet and delicious!\n\nOverall, I would 100% go back! Food was amazing and authentic, service was friendly, atmosphere was lively - couldn't have asked for more!
4	This super cool spot is the closest experience to Santorini without hopping on a plane. \nThe food and ambience are both authentic enough to leave out the funny \"opa\" references and blue & white flags. I really enjoyed my time here. I even perched myself at the bar ordering as much as possible to observe it all being prepared before my eyes. Delicious, savoury, clean and trendy. Go here.
2	Wanted to love this place. Very nice atmosphere, good friendly unpretentious non-hipster service. Wine was good. Tzatziki was great. But it all went downhill after that. Eggplant dip was under spiced and overly date-y. Some pita was quite burnt so I requested (and was charged $5) for another one. Was told sea bass is almost always a special and very popular so I ordered it. Was later told at 6:15pm it was sold out. Had snapper instead - doused in oregano.\n\nGreek restaurant with no potatoes (sorry cheese fries don't count) or rice?
4	Mamaka's offers a modern/hipster/Westernized take on Greek cuisine. The food is not authentic Greek food but rather spin offs with interesting tastes and insta-worthy presentations....but that's what you're overpaying for. The octopus was delicious and the chicken was probably the best bang for your buck. If you're familiar with mountain tea, do yourself a favour and try their cocktail. Overall, cute drinks-only/date atmosphere. Special props for the karaggiozi mural!
5	This place is awesome. \n\nHad a client visiting the city and wanted to go for a late dinner. \n\nOur options were limited as it was 9pm on a Tuesday night. I knew this place was new and who doesn't like Greek food?\n\nWe walked in and the sous chef immediately informed us that the kitchen had just closed.. (Yet they still had half of the restaurant filled with people) Took a bit of charm on our end and he told us he's re-open the kitchen for us! \n\nNot only that, he made us special lamb chops and truffle fries. Which were both delicious! \n\nThe manager came by for a quick chat and made us feel welcome, the waitress was all smiles and seemed like she loved what she does. \n\nAfter our meal we obviously had to leave a larger than normal gratuity for all their hospitality, the chef came and gave us his card and told us to let him know anytime we wanted to return or have anything catered.  \n\nHappy employees and good customer service really made this a stellar dining experience. Keep it up! \n\nDefinitely going to be returning with more people.
2	Meh. He food was okay. I was not super impressed by the vegetarian options. The cocktails are fantastic, the service is impeccable, and the spanikopita can't be beat. \n\nWife ordered the beef dish and was unable to finish it due to the \"off\" taste. \n\nGo for cocktails!
4	This is a glowing review - because the place is whitewashed, brightly lit, and sparkly.\n\nThis adds to the vibrant ambiance, where everyone is having as much fun as you. On the three axes, Mamakas wins - service is on point despite being busy, the food (small plates anyway) were fresh, tasty, and seemingly authentic. The drink selection was appropriate, and the ouzo is affordable and rounds out the experience.\n\nWe're at a shortage of great Greek places in the west.... this is a welcome addition.
5	I love everything about this restaurant. Food was flawless, and service was great with our server making excellent recommendations. I felt my glass of wine was great value. Will definitely be back!
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time a couple of weeks ago and we had a fantastic experience. We ordered 2 appetizers (the spanakopita and the cheese saganaki), 2 mains (sheftalia and paidakia), a side of handcut potatoes and the baklava for dessert. The spanakopita was so nice and crispy on the outside and the yogurt at the bottom paired very well with it. The lamb chops were very tender and well seasoned. Although, my favourite was definitely the baklava with the milk and honey ice cream! Lastly, our waiter was great and brought out our food at a good time. I recommend this place for a date night or a birthday!
4	Great experience, great food and ambiance. Food is light, great tasting and flavourful.  Friendly staff.
2	I really wanted to like this place, a great looking, casual... friendly space in a great neighbourhood, but the food, it always come down to the food.  \n\nBefore I begin, we were explained to that this is a family style dinner, much like you'd get in a Greek family home. Well, since I grew up around Greek families then it should be familiar and amazing! Looking at the menu, I noticed the prices to be quite high, starters for $12-$18 and mains from $22-$32, and two salads from $14-$18. However, they were apparently large enough to share... not really. The salad arrived and it was barely enough for 1 person, literally 4 bites and it was gone, $14 worth of lettuce and mint? The meatball appetizer came with 5 bite size balls, sitting on a slither of humous, barely Greek family style... humous is not delicate, put more in there please. Our main was the veal eggplant dish, I couldn't find much veal in there... maybe a few bits, my Greek baba's would be yelling at this chef by now. And finally the spanakopita came, it looked incredible, super creative presentation.. too bad it tasted like oven metal, isn't that sad? You must cure the ovenware! I was really hoping it would pull through, but no. \n\nWe decided not to order anything else at this point, and we were not even full... imagine leaving a Greek family dinner hungry??? It's a sin, so was $120 for the meal I described above, with only one glass of wine and a beer.  At least the service was good, friendly smiles from start to end, however sad to say I won't be returning.
4	A great place to enjoy a selection of greek food. The small, flavourful dishes are great to share and the atmosphere is lively. \n\nMy girlfriend and I shared 4 appetizer dishes and it was plenty. The spanakopita was fluffy, tangy and the added thyme finished it really well. The eggplant dish had amazing combination of flavours; dill, oregano and fried onions somehow all worked together. The lamb pitas were perfectly cooked with the lamb juices still coming out when biting into the pita which is sized to easily fit in your hand without making it awkward.\n\nThe service was really great. We aren't very adept to Greek dishes so the server was able to steer us in the right direction. \n\nThe only concern with the restaurant overall is price. But when you add the positives of the restaurant you know what you're paying for.
5	YUMMY! I was here in February for a friend's birthday. She had organized a fixed sharing menu for the group - I highly recommend as the staff was very accommodating and attentive.\n\nWe had dips and super soft pita, spanakopita, octopus, tomato salad, lamb chops with tabouli and tzatziki, spicy potatoes and assorted ice cream and cookies for dessert.\n\nI can't find a fault with the meal. The lamb chops were the star, I loved the smokey meat paired with creamy tzatziki and some acid from the tabouli. I could have eaten the platter. Spanakopita was also an impressive version, very flaky pastry and a savoury salty filling. \n\nThe atmosphere was also really fun and lively, I'm going to go back this summer and pretend I'm in Greece.
5	Started off with their house dips Melitzanosalata and kopanisti which came with soft house made pita breads and the Patates (Greek fries). Amazing starter. For our second course we ordered cheese saganaki, Moussaka, Horiatiki and keftedes, the Presimmon was pre grilled to perfection, and the humus with parsley puree stole the show. Finally we completed our meal with brined chicken  let me tell you the lemon butter sauce is amazing. Cocktails karida was amazing. Ambiance is amazing friendly staff would definitely go back.
2	For the food that we received and the price that we paid, we definitely DID NOT get our money's worth!!! Service was great and the atmosphere was ok but i mean lets be honest when we all go out to eat at a restaurant because we are hungry, we expect to at least get full after paying more than $100. \nMy husband and I will definitely never go back. We will stick to greek town!
5	I've been hearing about Mamakas for about a year now, mainly from a friend who couldn't stop singing its praises. I finally had an opportunity to check it out and I have to say I wasn't let down at all.  We arrive and are seated immediately, even though we haven't had any reservations.  I would recommend making reservations though, they filled up pretty quickly on the Monday night. \n\nOur server was lovely, and informative.  I mentioned it was my first time here and she made suggestions on what and how many of each course to order. She also recommended a Metaxa Mule as I like cocktails that aren't too sweet. \n\nAs per the norm, we ordered waaay too much for just two people and all the food arrived promptly - in fact the only complaint I really have is that the food arrived pretty much all at the same time and we felt a bit rushed to eat it all (I know, it's tragic), but our server did apologize a couple times. \n\nThe food here is meant to be shared, so order a few dishes and family style it. \n\nMust order:\nLamb - Perfectly cooked, if you enjoy lamb rare to mid-rare, melts in your mouth, and sits on a bed of tzaiki and bulgar. \n\nOctopus - tender pieces of tentacle served with pickled onions and capers. My fav octopus in the city thus far. \n\nDips - I only tried two of the four listed - the Taramousalata, fish based dip that has the texture of mousse, it was very light and tasty, and the Kopanisti which is feta with roasted red pepper. It's a little coarser than the first dip but just as good. It's served with the most amazing, freshly baked pita bread. I could sit there and eat bread and dip all day.\n\nThe only dish I didn't enjoy as much was the eggplant dish. I found a bit under seasoned for my tastes. \n\nThoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish (their desserts are divine!) and would return in a heartbeat.
4	I have wanted to try Mamakas for a reallyyyyy long time - I liked the idea of a Greek restaurant not on the saturated Danforth area. \n\nWhen making resos online, Open Table told me there were only bar or high top tables available. Since I like a back to my seat, I chose the high top tables which were nice and intimate for two.\n\nLove the interior, it's nice, cozy and all white for a dark and cold wintery night. I am going to say this now, and will repeat it later...they are EFFICIENT here! Plates come out one after another and we were done our apps and mains in 40 minutes. \n\nPlease order one of the dips as it comes with warm and oh so yummy house-made pita bread. We got the eggplant dip and it was delish. With a bit of sweet honey, everything about this app was appetizing. Unfortunately, the night we were there, the resto had no more smelts for the night. We tried the fried meatballs which were ok.\n\nFor two, my husband and I decided to share the fresh fish which was grilled to perfection. The meat was tender and with good EVOO, the simple, but great flavors really hit the spot. Plates are meant to be shared so for two, the fish was enough plus a side.\n\nDesserts are your usual Baklava and sweet desserts.\n\nService was great. Wine list all Greek which I love - it gives you a chance to try Greek wines. I ordered two glasses of a Gaia (categorized under the Lighter Red) and it was delish.\n\nOverall, highly recommend Mamakas. It is great Greek Food, service and ambiance.
5	I have eaten here five times and there is nothing I don't like. I am not really even into Greek food. Great atmosphere and cool vibe for a date.
4	My initial assumption about this place is that the food was going to be fancier souvalaki-like dishes drenched in tzatziki sauce. Boy am I wrong. This place really sets themselves apart from the flavours and nice sophisticated ambiance without the uptight feel. This is Family-style so you can share the dishes and try a bit of each. The waitress is knowledgeable but I felt like we were a little rushed to get out as they cleared the plates when there was still a little bit of food left. \n\nThe must try: \nPaidakia (lambchops) and halloumi (appetizer with corn peaches pistachio and cheese). The house dips are are also good. I like the eggplant based and also the spicy dip one.\n\nNot as good:\nChicken was a little on the dry side. \nFish was just steamed fish not that special \nOctopus has an interesting sauce, good to try but it wasn't cooked that perfectly.
4	Food was great and ample. All 3 sides (fries, dandelion salad, red peppers) were amazing.  Service was good and we were seated right away on a Sunday night without reservations, but did get the sense we'd lucked out since it was soon packed thereafter. Ambience is great with cool white decor and good energy. Definitely a place for eating with friends. As locals we're happy to see this addition to the Ossington strip.
5	I was looking for Greek food but didn't want all the kitsch of Danforth Ave. I stumbled upon a review of this place and was hooked as soon as I saw the menu. \nThe restaurant decor is clean, warm, and modern with subtle hints of the Mediterranean. \n\n The food was outstanding. The fresh baked bread covered  in fresh and dried herbs, drizzled with olive oil were amazing fresh out of the oven. Fried smelts were salty, crunchy, addictive. Couldn't stop eating them. We also had the lamb, octopus, braised rabbit, and squash fondue. All delicious but the lamb was my favorite. Baklava dessert was kind of a miss. The phyllo had gotten soggy but the milk and honey ice cream was spot on. \n\nI would definitely come back here again if I am back in Toronto.
1	In my view, there are 3 components to a successful restaurant meal:  the food, the decor/ambiance, and the service.  There are 10,000 restaurants in Toronto and if a place doesn't satisfy all three parts, then as far as I'm concerned, there are 9,999 restaurants left to try and I won't give a place a second chance.  Unfortunately Mamakas Taverna falls into that category.\n\nLet's start with the good:  the food was quite good.  We started with a few dips, spanakopita and saganaki.  The saganaki was so delicious with a honey taste that we ordered a 2nd.  Cheese fries are not to be missed, flavoured with truffle oil.  Lamb chops were a little on the small side, and red snapper was both overcooked and overpriced at $55.\n\nThe place is loud but in a good way - lots of energy.\n\nNow for the most important part:  the food was good enough for 3 stars however I rated Mamakas  as 1 star for their arrogance and rudeness.  I need to mention that our server was very friendly and polite.  If only she also worked the front of the restaurant as well....\n\nFull disclosure:  we were approximately 10 minutes late for our 7:45 reservation.  We received a call in the car at 7:46 to confirm that we were still coming.  We mentioned that we were 5 minutes away and would be there shortly.  The hostess told us that she could only hold the table until 8:00 and we reassured her that we would be there before that time.  She then told us that at one minute after 8:00 our table would be gone.  Seriously?   Who chastises their customers like that?  We should have been tipped off as to what to expect at that point.  I might add that when we checked in at 7:55 we were told our table would be ready in a moment- they were just setting it.  When we were seated we were told that they have a strict policy of a two hour time limit for dining.\n\nOur meal came out well paced, though the sides arrived well after we started the entrees and were removed from the bill.  At 10:01 the hostess came to our table to figuratively remind us that our \"meter had expired\", and that the group waiting for our table had been standing at the front for 15 minutes.  She said we were welcome to stay and finish our conversation at the bar, but we would have to vacate the table immediately.\n\nThis uncomfortable situation could easily have been avoided.  Most importantly they should let people know about their time limit when they make their reservation.  I just spoke with Carbon Bar to make a reservation and they told me they had a similar policy and I thanked them for letting me know and booked elsewhere.  Alternatively, if the hostess had offered to buy a round of drinks for our inconvenience it would have gone a long way.  But nothing but rudeness and arrogance.\n\nSuffice it to say, there are now 9,999 restaurants in Toronto and I will NOT be going back to find out if they are any friendlier.
5	Excellent food and great service. Everything we had - the taramosalata, mussels, octopus, horiatiki salad, sweetbreads, lamb, sea bass carpaccio and dessert - was perfectly cooked and amazing!\n\nThe place is really cute and has a great vibe and buzz. Will definitely go back. :)
1	Greek restaurants are one of my favourites. \nThis place does a great disservice to that love.\nGood food in dismal  portions. Bad service in large servings !!
5	Un service parfait.\nDe la nourriture authentique.\nUne ambiance agr\u00e9able.\nLes prix sont raisonnables.\n\nNous avons partag\u00e9 :\n- House dip (tzatziki avec pain grec)\n- Spanakopita\n- Asperges au citron\n- salade grecque\n- vin rouge grecque\n- baklava\n- caf\u00e9 grec\n\nTotal incluant taxes et service = 150$\n\nPortions plus que suffisantes.\nTous nos plats \u00e9taient savoureux.\n\nUn sans faute.
4	A fairly upscale Greek place, with some decent cocktails, absurd little fried fish, tasty-but-uneven octopus, very tender lamb chops, and excellent appetizer dips.\n\nThe server suggested doing things family-style --- order a plate of chops for the table, not as a meal for yourself.  This worked well --- one person ran a little short of bread with the dips, but everything split up into four chunks well.\n\nDrink-wise, I tried the \"Mov\" --- gin, egg white, blueberry shrub, lemon, and a few other things.  Nicely frilly and frothy, which is what I was looking for.\n\nThe \"Atherina\" fried smelts were delicious --- sort of an rich, oily, fishy version of popcorn shrimp.\n\nThe \"Oktap\u00f3di\" octopus was a little uneven --- my quarter was delicious, but some of the other legs came out a little dry.\n\nDessert-wise, the \"Galaktoboureko\" was more airy and less chocolatey than expected, but tasty.  The milk-and-honey icecream had a great flavor, and fine (though slightly icey) texture.\n\nExcellent service.\n\nHaving a reservation helped significantly on a Thursday evening.
5	Easily the best meal I've had in Toronto. \n\nWent with a group of 3 to celebrate my birthday and was totally blown away by the freshness and quality of the food. I am Greek so am very familiar with the cuisine and highly recommend dining at this restaurant. \n\nThe decor is lovely, the service attentive and helpful, the menu varied and enticing. \n\nWe started with the tzatziki, melitzanosalata, halloumi, and fried smelts. Each dish was perfectly seasoned and the freshness and quality of the smelts was outstanding. \n\nFor the main course, we shared the fish of the day (beautifully fresh grilled sea bream), the squash fondue, and the beef cheek stifado. \n\nPut simply, this restaurant showcases the best of Greek cuisine: fresh, high quality ingredients seasoned simply to highlight their natural taste. It's a pricy meal but well worth it. \n\nI can't understand the inconsistent reviews on Yelp- I can't recommend this place more highly.
4	Mamakas is still excellent.\n\nIt is no less noisy!\n\nStill pay attention to seating when reserving.\n\nThe fish is  superb. (We had sea bream).\n\nWe drank Kidonistalata which was great, crisp and minerally. ($55)\n\nThe lamb chops were delicious.\n\nStill clearly a recommendable place to try.
2	Giving this place just two stars, for now, but I think it has the potential to be very good. \n\nWent as a group of 4. We were very excited to try it out as we had watched the construction for a long time. Was very busy but the atmosphere was great and the food smelled amazing. Sat at our table at the back and picked the cheap, $39, bottle of sauvignon blanc. Waiter told us he hated it and it was horrible. Suggested either a $50 or $80 bottle instead. Nice try. \n\nAs for food, guess we didn't realize it was share plates but ordered some appetizers and a few mains. Server kept saying we needed more and that we had to have some salad that he never ended up bringing. Fish main was sold out and there was no other veggie non shellfish option. Appetizers were generally $12-$16 but were very small. Half an eggplant with some onion on top and a half slice of toast was like $16. Waiter told us we would have to pay for more bread, but graciously brought us another have slice even though he wasn't supposed to. What a rogue! Eggplant tasted good. Saganaki was very good. Mains were also excellent. Waiter was inattentive because he seemed preoccupied with a large group who would yield a bigger tip. With better service and more value, this place would be awesome. \n\nTl;dr delicious food and good atmosphere hampered by poor service and mediocre value.
5	Best Greek food in Toronto. Focusing on seasonal ingredients, the chefs create inventive versions of classic Greek dishes like horitaki salad, saganaki, spanakopita. Lamb chops and sea bass were grilled to perfection. Enjoyed a really unusual but tasty ricotta cheesecake with rhubarb and sesame. Delicious! They also offer an extensive list of Greek wines. The service is excellent -- efficient and attentive. I have already made another reservation for a return visit next week. The place is busy, so reservations are recommended.
2	Food was tasty and high quality but was small portioned. We had ordered a tamasalata dip, lamp shank specially wrapped in parchment paper and a grilled octopus tentacle. Our server was very knowledgeable but she was the exception as the other staff were very uninformed about the food and provided little to no interest in recommendations otherwise. \n\nAtmosphere was good,  saw a few dates taking place but personally found to talk as the room itself amplified noise.\n\nPart of what made this experience undesirable was because we were not given the option the even have tap water. We were pretty much forced to be charged for having still water. Additionally we were never informed that we'd be charged for asking for additionally pita when the 4 small pieces were insufficient for the dip we ordered.
5	This place, along with Estiatorio Volos, are jointly carrying the Greek cuisine crowns in Toronto. \n\nUnlike Volos, Mamakas is pleasantly more casual, which is why it's great for a meal with your significant other or with a small group of friends, too.\n\nThe menu is delicious on the whole. Keeping it honest, I'm less crazy about their brunch. The brunch was perfectly fine, but had brunch been my only experience at Mamakas, I wouldn't be excitedly hurrying back. With that said, dinner is fantastic, and they have some interesting and tasty cocktails, too. Their food is authentic enough for a taste of Greece, but also slightly modernized for some unique flavors, too.\n\nThe servers are friendly and great, too. \n\nHighly recommended!
4	A trendy, signature Ossington vibe with a Mediterranean twist. The open-kitchen concept is something that I've come to truly appreciate. The food was a nice balance between contemporary flair with traditional Greek twists. The menu boats quite a few Greek classics and a few \"Greek-fusion\" selections. We opted to start with the lamb tartare and the fried smelts. The lamb was very fresh and tender, with a rich yogurt-based garlic sauce, lemon, onion and celery. It was delicious but the flavour of the meat was a little lost in all the seasoning. It was also uncharacteristically spicy. The smelts were delicious, fresh and crisp, a dish that really brought back memories from the Aegean. Our mains were the grilled octopus and the Ontario lamb chops. The grilled octopus was flavourful, tender and perfectly cooked. This tends to be a difficult dish to execute, it's easy to overcook which results in a rubbery texture. The lamb was also spot-on, tender and juicy. It was presented beautifully and was served with a well-balanced in-house tzatziki sauce. We also ordered a side of dandelion and spinach saut\u00e9ed with garlic, olive oil and rhubarb - very tasty. Overall I was very happy with my experience at Mamakas. Don't expect a traditional Greek taverna with old-school dishes and huge portions, but a modern Greek-inspired menu that's using some interesting local ingredients.
4	Exceptionally satisfied after our meal at Mamakas Taverna. Nice addition to Ossington. The restaurant was full so we took a seat at the stools overlooking the kitchen - which I personally love because you get to watch the talented chefs do their thing. Everything that left that kitchen was presented perfectly and looked delicious. We ended up having the tzatziki, fried artichokes, grilled octopus with a fava puree, sauteed green beans and the roasted free-range chicken, glazed with honey and lemon thyme. We witnessed the chef carefully glaze the chicken several times and when we were presented with the dish, we were very pleased with the flavour and nice crisp of the skin. Must try the whole fish on my next visit. My only disappointment of the night was my cocktail - but hey, I was there for the food!\n\nIf you have the patience to wait in line, check out Bang Bang Ice Cream across the street.
5	Opa! \n\nI've been scheming a nice new restaurant to try for a special occasion, and Mamakas was at the top of my list. I've never come across high-end Greek food in Toronto, so I was pretty excited. I love Greek food, I love fancy things, win win. \n\nThe restaurant itself is sparkling white with bright murals and large windows for Ossington people watching, one of my favourite sports. While sitting in this bustling yet pristine setting, we enjoyed their tequila negroni, the tzaziki and pita, the spanikopita, the lamb and the octopus. It was all delicious, especially the tzaziki and lamb. The octopus is huge and means business, so if you're like Neil Patrick Harris* and are into octopus and scrabble, this is probably your dish. The owner sent over a small bottle of ouzo, which really added a kick to our night, and was very appreciated. \n\nPEPPER'S PISSED: Huh. Haven't been pissed in a while, but I need to sound off. What is with this new airplane-sized bathroom trend, Tarana? I'd rather wait for a couple of minutes than be squished into a 2x2 room that houses a sink, toilet, mirror and garbage. \n\n*I just saw Gone Girl.
4	Went to Mamakas on the recommendation of my Greek coworker for a friend's birthday dinner. Quick run-down:\n\n- great service, attentive but not over-bearing\n- great modern twist on classic Greek fare\n- cute venue with interesting art, good for a date night\n- would definitely go back\n- $$$\n\nI went here with a group. There was 8 of us and everyone loved their food. We pretty much ended up all sharing because it was all so good.\n\nI'll start with what I ordered, which was the stifado (braised beef cheek). Holy crap this was amazing! The meat was so tender and whatever they marinated the meat in, it was superb. It came on a bed of what I think was potato puree with some sort of glaze drizzled on the meat and the puree. Onion, sunchokes and a few roasted baby potatoes. The dish looks rather small when it comes out, but the meat is surprisingly filling and I was at a good point when I finished. Perfectly content.\n\nI also tried the mousakas, spanikopita (probably my second favourite dish), and the pork belly gyro. All were fantastic dishes. We got a few orders of the house dips, which came with freshly baked bread that was amazing on its own. Our waiter messed up and gave us an extra dip, we let him know and he let us have it for free. We also had their dark chocolate & tahini icecream. It was a very interesting combo. First bite, I thought \"ehhhh\" second bite, \"okay, okay this is interesting\" third bite \"yeah, I like this\" it has an almost peanut buttery taste that is slightly salty but decidedly good.\n\nOne of my friends has a pretty severe nut allergy and when we told our server he pointed out the dishes that didn't contain any nuts and when he brought the dessert menu he did the same thing. Which was very helpful.\n\nI love Greek food and have been to a number of Greek restaurants on the Danforth that were on point and I would say this restaurant stacks up really well against them. I would also recommend making a reservation. We went on a Wednesday evening for 7:30 and the restaurant quickly filled up.\n\nFinal answer, I would most definitely go back. That braised beef cheek.... **sigh
4	What a delicious take on Greek cuisine. From the moment you walk in to the moment you leave, you feel like you are being welcomed into someone's home. We really appreciate the vibe of the place, the uniforms and the style of eating. I took my parents there (who aren't big into fancy food) and it was an approachable and enjoyable experience. The food was delicious as well!
4	Great fun and bright atmosphere. Came with 3 girlfriends, all with various food allergies (vegetarian, lactose, gluten-free). We each found several options for us on the menu, but best of all, is probably the extensive cocktail list!! (pricey at $14 a pop, however). Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about all items on the menu and provided us with sound guidance as we made our choices. \n\nThe spanikopita is seriously like crack. There is a honey drizzle that provides a lovely addition.\nThe octopus was much better than any of the \"trendy octopus\" dishes served by many of Toronto's west-end restaurants. \nWe had a bunch of other things -- the eggplant appetizer dish was quite meaty for a veg option; fairly heavy. \n\nOverall, excellent service and atmosphere.
1	I am not the type of person to go online and write reviews about restaurants but I felt compelled to do so.\n\nMy boyfriend and I arrived at Mamakas with great anticipation as we have been wanting to try them out for over a year.  This was suppose to be a special night for us, celebrating our anniversary but it turned out to be one of the worst dinning experiences we've ever endured.\n\n1.) Service: HORRIBLE. I was confused about the wines as I am not too familiar with greek wines. Our server was not only condescending but also very rude. As I made my final decision she walked away, rolling her eyes with a half smirk. I was appalled. This set the tone for the entire night as she was rude and short with us throughout service.\n\n2.) FOOD: Our appetizers and salad were fantastic. Beautiful olive oil used and simplicity of the dish. When our mains came, we were in anticipation of two of our favourites. Octopus and lamb chops.\n\nAfter taking one bite of the lamb chop, I almost gagged. It was like they had dumped the entire bottle of salt on these chops. They were so over the top salty that they were inedible.\nI requested for them to be sent back. Our server said they would re fire them not problem as this was their house specialty. Within 1 minute they were returned. How are new lamb chops re-fired and brought back within 1 minute? There were two lamb chops that were returned to us and tasted the EXACT same. Did they just scrape the top off? I was disguised. \n\nThe same goes for the octopus. It was SO over the top over seasoned that it was just painful trying to eat it. I've been to countless greek restaurants and travelled greece for months and the food is no where this over seasoned. \n\nI am not only appalled by this restaurant but coming from years of working in the hospitality industry myself, I would never treat customers the way my server did. This whole dinning experience ruined a beautiful night we were suppose to have.\n\nDisgusted.
4	This is definitely one of the best Greek restaurants in Toronto hands down and far, far away from the Danforth so hold your OPAs. Delicious, modern takes on classic Greek dishes set in the hip and trendy Ossington area. I'd highly suggest the Sunday lunch. They offer smaller portions of their regular dinner menu and it's not as busy. Great service. I'd say this is mid-range + in terms of price. I don't know who is complaining about portions because we left stuffed and very happy.\n\n---Spanakopita: Outstanding spinach filled phyllo topped with honey and set on a bed of delicious greek yogurt. Tangy, sweet and rich. Three more please.\n---Halloumi: Would have preferred the cheese to be a bit warmer but with the squash, apple and pecan compote/puree underneath, it was a great marriage\n---Tiganites Patates: Pretty spectacular. Umami\n---Calamari: Served with fried chickpeas and chickpea puree. This was just okay for me.\n\nGreat cappuccinos and cocktails. $2 sparkling water. Can't go wrong.
2	Like the decor and cool vibe but have to say I don't mind paying $30 for fresh catch of the day.. But the cod was anything but fresh .\nThe spinach pastry apps were actually awesome as was the service. \nMy dinner mate had his dish comped given kitchen admission that marinade was off.\nNot sure I'll give it another go.. I like the food diversity avail on the strip and nice to have the Greek option but ultimately felt like an overpriced offering . The food Definately feel short !
2	The atmosphere is cute-charming casual and up beat.  I would not say it is elegant.  The open kitchen is in the front as soon as you walk in.  A long marble bar occupies the middle of the restaurant.  I am not fooled into thinking that the cheap cinder block walls painted white are similar to Greek stucco.  In my opinion, this is a great place for a first date since I saw a lot of first date couples there on a Friday night and there were no children.  Be aware that all the cocktails on the Cocktail Menu contain simple syrup, except for one which is Sherry based.  The Greek wine was fine.  We ordered three food items.  First, if you like cheese on your Tuna Tartare (I don't) then this is the place for you.  Their Greek touch is topping tuna tartare with Feta Cheese.  Next, we got the steamed Muscles.  They are grotesquely huge!!! They are so big that one must use a knife and fork to cut in half because one whole in your mouth is like size of a golf ball.  Try 8 cm long (or 3 inches long) and wide!! \nFinally, we ordered the octopus, $20.  It was just the one arm, just like every other restaurant does here in Toronto.  This arm was huge too!!  But it was tender sweet and without any fat.  Service was good and attentive.  With so many other restaurants in the city, I don't know if I would give it another try.  I did not walk away feeling excited.
4	We have a winner on our hand here folks. I have seen this place crop up without much fan fare then I started to see the crowds gather and was more intrigued how the food was here. \nThis was an unplanned visit as was in the area. We had time to kill so came in and looked at the menu and decided to visit this spot after looking at the menu (should have checked what's available as well more on than later)\nI enjoy Greek cuisine and was thinking to try out the classics to get a better idea on where they stand. My DC wanted to have chicken and found out later that was it wasn't being sold that day. Anyway here is what we ordered \nHaloomi: Hit it out of park just gorgeous presentation and with a nice balance of citrus and carrot puree. Fried just right and was quite fresh too I think as its unlike the store bought version I am used too.\nSpanakopita : Done very well again. Very rich as expected and I recommend it sharing among 3-4 people if having mains.\nOctopus: I use this as a yardstick for Greek food along with the lavraki to asses the kitchen skills on seafood. Hmm this was OK not great. While charred nicely it was a bit more chewy than I would expect at a place that does other dishes so well.\nMoussaka (vegetarian): Oh boy this is the highlight of the dishes I tried on this visit. Just gorgeous as it is just so hard to elevate a vegetable dish let alone make it stand out this way over a cuisine which is mainly known for their meats. This is the best Moussaka I have ever had. Gorgeous perfectly cooked vegetables cut paper thin and layer upon layer of flavor. Bechamel topping the dish was also done just right. I will be back just to try this out.\nPotatos side was forgetful. \nWine list as expected is mainly Greek wines and are reasonably priced with good options by the glass. \nThe place gets crowded real fast as seemed like many of them were regulars so I would recommend making a reservations even on weekdays. I think this by far one of the best Greek food spots in Toronto! I will be back to try out the other classics\n4.5 stars!
5	Amazing food! Got our meal very quickly. The lamb chops are to die for. Octopus was good as well! The energy and the chefs are amazing! We loved the decor and music. Definitely coming back
5	Greek food experience at its best! Tzatziki and tirramosalata with pita are great starters. The pita is the best I've ever had. Order the spinakopita, chicken and horatiki salad. We paired our meal with a bottle of Malamatina (retsina). Atmosphere is lovely and the service was terrific.
4	The place itself is very clean, modern but still very recognizably Greek feel to it.  \n\nThe staff were great and our waitress was exceptional. You don't say that too often in Toronto especially on a busy Saturday night dinner service. \nThe food has been getting rave reviews and while everything we tried was good to very good I would not classify anything as over the top. There is one exception. The dandelion greens were better than even my mamas. \n\nAs a group of 4 we decided we would each order a appetizer and main each along with the village salad and two sides to share between us.  \n\nAppetizers:\nBread & olive oil - meh!  This should be offered complimentary. \nTaramasalata - silky, creamy good. \nSmelts - grilled nicely. \nCroquettes - not traditional at all but a really nice Greek twist served with red pepper sauce. Could have/should have ordered a 2nd order. \n\nMains:\nGrilled fish - tasty and cooked well but nothing over the top. \nOctopus - grilled well but served with a bean pur\u00e9e that was gritty almost chalky. \nPork - very nicely cooked. The mustard seeds added a nice pop of flavour. \nLamb - yum. One of the few thing I wanted more of. \n\nSide:\nGreens - as previously mention they were exceptional. I didn't want to share.\nVillage salad - meh!  It's tomatoes with feta. Maybe I'm spoiled having fresh tomatoes from my mothers garden all summer. \nPotatoes - they're French fries with feta. Meh! \n\nDesserts:\nBaklava - don't bother. I found it very dry and overly stuffed with nuts. The vanilla honey ice cream was great. \nPear cake - yum!  Could have had a second. \n\nPrice - is moderate. Dinner for 4 with drinks came out to $200. That's pretty average for a nice night out. \n\nOverall this is a very nice place to go for non traditional Greek food. I don't even like calling it Greek food. It's good Mediterranean food. It's not the stereotypical \"fast food\" you find on the Danforth loaded with rice and potatoes.
4	We were in the PHX area and and my friend Douglas invited us to check out his home.  We were meeting in the morning and he suggested we have breakfast and that he had a good place to meet.  We were not sure what to expect...Dennys or something but when he told us where we were pleasantly surprised.  \n\nThe food we had was very good.  The wife and I shared a Santa Fe scramble and French Toast.  Both were very good.  The Cinnamon bread was thick and very good and fresh and the skillet was a good spicy.    As he mentioned to his wife we were plate cleaners and must have liked the place.  \n\nIt was clean and nicely decorated and like the old-time light bulbs.\n\nI would definitely go back the next time we are in the PHX area.
5	Everything I have eaten here is excellent not to mention, they offer the BEST Eggs Benedict EVER MADE!  I love this family owned restaurant and have been going for years.  I especially love their new decor and light fixtures, it gives the restaurant a great country feel inside.
5	Great service! Great food! Restaurant set up is smooth and flowing well even when packed!
5	T. C. Eggington's.  We found this place with my iPhone one morning while looking for brunch.  The ratings were good, so we decided to give them a try.\n\nWe walked in and had kind of a U. S. Egg experience: no sooner did we enter than FIVE consistently dressed and made-up women (some in shorts, some with blond hair, and ALL in pink-dominated pastels) turned their heads to greet us in a Stepford fashion.  One led us to a table in the back of the restaurant.  The surreal combination of this, menus with chicken wire inset into them, a long table next to us filled with 60-plus diners, and \"Like a Fool Believes\" playing over the restaurant speakers had me in a fit of uncontrollable laughter.\n\nThe menu was so full of puns like \"hens forth\", and \"egg cetera\" that I was almost too distracted to order my food.  However, I did settle on a stack of pancakes and sharing an order of french toast with my wife.\n\nFrankly, I thought they only served pancakes THIS BIG at truck stops out around Kingman.  These things are gigantic.  Taste?  Best I've had in a restaurant--and I've had lots of pancakes in restaurants.  Order a stack here, and you'll have enough breakfast for two to three days afterwards--getting your money's worth is always a good thing.  Same for the French Toast--big portions, WOW taste.\n\nThis is the place you bring visitors from out of town when you want  to take them to have breakfast or brunch out.  The next morning, you can have breakfast or brunch IN, with the same food.\n\nT. C. Eggington's is the ultimate breakfast joint in the Valley.  Go.  Just. . .go.
5	Best breakfast spot in town. Their English muffins and jam are out of this world. The Crack O' Dawn plate is my favorite; however, the English muffins and their homemade jams are what keep me coming back.
5	What a delicious, delightful surprise! Our Scottsdale friends kept telling us we'd be having breakfast at their favorite restaurant, T.C. Eggington's, and now I know why they saved it for our last morning. Nothing else compares! \n\nClean, cute cafe atmosphere (I loved the chicken wire on the menu!), a huge menu of possibilities (all unusual and yummy sounding), good service and home-baked goodness down to the English muffin. \n\nI ordered the O'Pear Grenache Omelette based on recommendations from my friends AND the waiter. Here's the description: \"How sweet it is...A subtle mix of bosc pear slices, melted Havarti cheese, sliced almonds  and bacon offer you an extraordinary rich flavor you're never experienced.\"\n\nThey were right. And it was SO HUGE that I couldn't finish it...though I really wanted to! (Next time, I'll order the \"reduced\" size - two instead of three eggs. I didn't know I could...or that I should!)\n\nEveryone at the table was happy with their order. My only regret is that I don't live close enough to try all of their omelettes...
4	Been here 2 times already for breakfast and this is by far my favorite place to come. Homemade waffles are the best I've ever had in Phoenix. Their homemade apple cinnamon jelly is perfect! Great service and very friendly people. Will always keep coming back here. Only complaint is that it is on the expensive side for me but food is amaZing.
4	I've been here several times and really enjoy the food. The service can be a little slow at times though.
5	Today was the first day I've been to this restaurant. A couple of my friends and I stopped in for breakfast. Probably one of the best eggs Benedict plates I've ever had. Our server was very kind and did a wonderful job. I would recommend this food to both varieties of guests, those looking for a healthy light meal (they offer gluten free) as well as those looking for the delicious desert style waffles. Wish I could add another star!!
4	I'm preety sure this place is family owned which means decent prices and friendly staff. The problem is we seem to get waiters that are inexperienced and can forget about things from time to time. But that is nitpicking the food here is great. I have had maybe 6 to 7 different things on the menu and all of them were exactly as advertised and very good. I usually stick to the farmers Benedict which is nice and fresh. My wife enjoys their omelets and pancakes. Check out the jam on the table it is very scrumprious. Nothing crazy here just really solid American  breakfast fair.
1	Highly disappointed with the service. Luckily found out that they serve brown water for coffee as they serve it out front while you wait so didn't order it inside. I've had better coffee at gas stations, sadly.  My daughters poached egg came out nearly raw & when I kindly asked the waiter to have the kitchen cook it through, he acted like \"of course, no problem\" but then 10 mins later brought us an equally-- if not more-- raw egg. As a former server, I would have been embarrassed to serve it-- I mean the yolk was completely yellow, it wasn't a subtle thing. .  When my husband pointed out-- again, that the egg looked just as raw, & asked for a fully cooked egg,  the waiter stated arrogantly, \"Well, *That's* a poached egg\".  We don't work at a breakfast place, but my husband & I have both worked in nice restaurants. If there is a standard as to how poached eggs are cooked, that should have been explained either at the time of ordering, or at least after it was sent back the first time. We gladly would have changed the order to an over hard egg if the chef was too arrogant to fully cook a poached egg.  After the egg went back the 2nd time, it took at least 15 minutes for it to come back. Everyone else in our party of 8 was done eating and I asked the waiter to just box it up, at this point it was clear I was upset.  \n\nSome restaurants send a manager over at the first sign of trouble. Most would certainly do it after the 2nd time an order gets returned to the kitchen.  Even after I was clearly upset (& yes, he knew, cause he tried not to hand the check to me & I could see his dismay when I took it) no manager came to rectify the situation and we had to pay for a meal that was never eaten   (we took it home out of principal, but I doubt at this point it will get eaten..)   I really should have asked to see a manager, but I didn't want to make our guests more uncomfortable, which is why most restaurants take the burden off the customer & automatically have mgr's come to talk to a table when there has been a problem. It is rare that I take grievances out on a servers tip, being a former server myself, but he was so clearly apathetic to the situation that I left him slightly less than 15% when I am normally a 20-25% tipper. You would think that after spending nearly $100 on breakfast (we were ordering mimosas and bloody Mary's etc...) the server would have cared a little more about his service. I guess TC Eggingtons rely's on their long standing rep but with service this bad, that balloon will eventually pop.
5	Little did I know that the thing to do after going to Mass at St. Tim's is breakfast at TC Eggington's...\n\nThat being said, it makes for a crowd and a wait; however, ...TOTALLY WORTH IT! Plus, you can call in and put your name down ahead. This morning I called at 7 this morning for our 10AM breakfast, was bumped to 10:15 (doable), and ended up beating the rush and sneaking in just before 10 anyway.\n\nBreakfast here is delicious. Delicious! We have tried:\n\nHilltop Acres -- excellent combination of veg, skillet style\nCrack o' Dawn -- nicely basted eggs on top (as has the Hilltop Acres)\nThe Eggington Omelet -- hesitated because of the cream cheese inside, but its blend with the chicken, broccoli, and hollandaise is tasty!\nCrab Stuffed Pastry -- perfectly crispy pastry shells full of crab, artichoke hearts, basted eggs, and hollandaise? Yes, please!!\n\nMuch happier waiting for breakfast here than going to any of the other breakfast chains in the area.
5	I have been coming here for at least 20 years (since I was a little girl!) and even though I now live an hour away, I still drive there for breakfast! Their French toast is the best in the valley (and trust me I have tried at least 20 other breakfast joints). I also love their huevos con chorizo and their eggs Benedict! It really doesn't get any better then this place! As for the wait, yea there always is one BUT, they take reservations over the phone so the wait is nothing if you call ahead.
5	Love this place. Always the right choice when deciding where to eat for brunch. I can only speak for the benedicts but when i tell you they are Done just right! I know you'll believe me the second you walk in and see the platters served. Do yourself a favor go eat there and see for yourself.
5	This is a fantastic place for breakfast!! I can't believe I haven't been here before, but I can promise it won't be my last. Love the whole atmosphere and service. Food was excellent.
2	I appreciated the unique tastes and odd breakfast pairings (asparagus, mushrooms, goat cheese, etc.) on T.C. Eggington's eclectic looking menu, but the variety offered really isn't as extensive as it first appears, service was average at best and the pricing is pretty extreme for what equates to Waffle House quality food with an extra helping of mushrooms and hollandaise sauce thrown on top. Basic entrees and orange juice for 2 individuals = $26...before tip! That's certainly an expensive way to start your day!\n\nThe atmosphere makes it a great place to take family visiting from out of town, which I plan to do, but the price makes it hard to justify as a regular breakfast stop. You can get equivalent food at other local establishments for half the price.
5	Quite lovely place to have Breakfast/Brunch. The ambiance was warm and fairly quiet. The food was wonderful! They have a great menu with lots of options depending on what you like, should be something for anyone, including the kids. I can also speak very highly of our service, as our server Alex very graciously discussed some of her recommendations with us. Great experience overall! We will be back, maybe tomorrow!
4	Nice place to have breakfast.  Generally good food and nice ambience.
5	Been going here since I was a kid, always pleased with the food and service! I always get the Spicy Spain omelette with toast and strawberry jam. YUM!!
5	I LOVE breakfast food. I will go all over and try tons of places to find the best and in my opinion this is it. Forget about all these other overpriced fancy breakfast places all over the valley....in my opinion its all overly sweet and makes you feel terrible afterwards. T.C Eggington's is SO good and they have a very normal take on breakfast, but they do it they best way possible.
1	I have tried this place twice now, and it fails to hit the mark.  Everyone else in my party has been happy both times.  However, I seem to be cursed here.  Whatever I order is always loaded with onions.  I absolutely HATE onions, and I avoid ordering anything that contains onions.  Last time I ate here, I asked for no onions in an omelet ith brie cheese that I was pretty excited about, and they left 'em in there.  I was too cowardly to demand that it be returned to the kitchen, I so I just didn't eat it.  Today, I ordered a sandwich which mentioned nothing about onions, and they were all over my food.  Yuck!  I ordered a muffin to mask the taste, and it did the trick.  The muffin was the only good thing I've eaten here.  However, if you like onions, you might love it!
5	This is a \"good as it gets\" place for me.  i have been going to here since it opened - telling you something about my age and that I tend to like the place.  It is a haunt of faculty and staff and even administrators from Mesa Community College.  A good place to leisurely have conversation over great food.  I am an Eggington Omelette addict so enough said.
5	Giant portions of really good food. Excellent service. The french toast was so good I dreamt about it afterwards!
5	There's definitely a Carolinas feel when you go here. Service is very attentive, and portion sizes are on the bigger side. The hollandaise sauce here is good, but could be too oily to some. Get the crab stuffed pastry if you can. \n\nHash browns are okay. It's interesting to see how different breakfast places interpret their hash browns. This place has them slightly textured on the outside, soft in the middle. For me, that's acceptable. \n\nWould encourage revisits. Multiple.
5	What can I say? We have been coming to T. C. Eggington's for more than 10 years and are still as pleased today as that very first time.\n\nA brunchery, T.C. Eggington's fare is consistantly high quality, tasty and filling. I believe they serve the finest hot cakes to be found anywhere as well as excellent omelets and wonderful salads and sandwiches. Combined with friendly service (a major component in a happy dining experience) and a relaxed atmosphere.\n\nI cannot recommend T. C. Eggingtons highly enough. Please take the time for a nice leisurely visit. Be prepared though, they have such a strong following that there is frequently a wait to be seated even on weekdays, but your patience will be rewarded. Enjoy.
5	This place means business when it comes to breakfast. The portions are enormous and everything is made using super high quality ingredients. The french toast slicers were as big as my face and the bacon is super thick cut. Any place that serves you see-through floppy meat should not be able to call it bacon!\n\nThe service was average but the food is where it's at! There's this awesome apple cinnamon jelly on the table for your biscuits too. Easily my favorite breakfast place. I just wish they were open later because I like breakfast at all times of the day.
5	I just had the pleasure of eating at T.C. Eggington's on Alma School in Mesa. \n\nT.C. Eggington's has been serving breakfast, lunch and brunch since 1985. It is a family owned restaurant that has won many awards for their homemade traditional recipes. \n\nI saw a picture of their Foster French on Yelp this morning and couldn't wait to try it for myself.\n\nWhen I got there, I was very pleased that they had plenty of parking out front. \n\nWalking in, I immediately noticed how clean and adorable the restaurant was. The decor made me feel like I was going over to Grandma's for breakfast. \n\nThe host was extremely helpful and considerate and the waiter was efficient and very polite.\n\nI ordered the Foster French and it looked exactly like advertised and it was super delicious!\n\nBreakfast was very reasonable, around $10 for one person, not including tip.\n\nThe breakfast menu also includes:\nFresh Baked English Muffins\nBreakfast Salad\nOatmeal\nOmelettes \nParlour Creations\nFrittatas\nGirdle Cakes:\nPlain, Honey Roasted Wheat Germ,\nCobbler-Stone Trail, Apple Jack, Blueberry\n\nThey also have delicious mimosas!\n\nHours: 6:30am - 2:30pm Daily\n\nFor more information:\ntcegg.com\n\nI 5/5 highly recommend T.C. Eggington's!
4	Great breakfast spot. Only been here once, but definitely ranks as one of the better breakfasts in the Valley.\n\nI had the Eggs Benedict. Good! My dad ordered the ham & eggs. Also good. The coffee was your typical bland \"diner\" coffee. Not a fan. They should upgrade to a more bold roast.\n\nOverall, we were satisfied though. I'd go back again.
5	Meeting a friend before heading to the airport.  Had a great meal.  Every dish was tasty with very fresh ingredients.  \n\nUsed the tip to call ahead and bypassed a lot of people waiting outside on an unseasonably chilly phoenix morn.
1	Meh. Bland French toast. Bland eggs and chorizo. Ambiance reminds me of Bob Evans or IHOP. The raspberry white mocha is way too sweet (and I asked for half the syrup). They're not getting my business again.
5	BNI group meets here every Wed. morning.  Had the Greek omelette and I simply loved it.  Fresh squeezed OJ as well.  The parfaits are very good too. Service is prompt and attentive.
1	It breaks my heart to visit a place help up with such high reviews be such a disappointment, I stopped in for a nice breakfast with my team before a meeting and was 110% disappointed with just about everything. We were seated right away which was great but that was just about the only good thing, if I where to recommend anything here it would be the orange juice and the water the food took almost 40 minutes and was only brought to us when we inquired about it only after the server gave us an attitude as if we were a burden. When we finally received our food it wasn't made properly we had half cold half warm food not even hot it was slightly warm.... When asked by owner how our experience was he became very hostile and incredibly rude because we didn't sugar coat the awful service. I'm having an incredibly hard time understanding how they have attained such high reviews
4	Really good omelettes for a fair price.\n\nService was kind of meh.
5	This has got to be one of the best breakfast restaurants around.  It has continued to serve delicious and out of the usual offerings for at least the last 15 years.  The service is spot on and it is cute.  (Even the bathroom is adorable.)\n\nMost recently I had the eggs benedict with avocado and no meat.  YUM!  Seriously good.  Looking forward to going back sometime soon.
4	So I recently got a job in the city of Mesa conveniently near T.C. And when I had to make a day trip to the joint (hardly a joint, more Scottsdale-esque) I was quickly floating on breakfast cloud 9.\n\nI love food, and I love to eat, and I LOVE a great breakfast brunch.  This place had it all!!! We went there after my graduation from college with a bunch of family, mostly of the elderly.  Let me first explain that going anywhere with my Grandpa is a mission in itself, nothing is ever cooked right and service is always too slow however he could not stop complimenting the staff on how great everything was (first time I have ever witnessed this in 22 years).  \n\nTC is a great place for family and celebrations or just to enjoy a great weekend brunch.  LET ME WARN YOU IF YOU GO ON A WEEKEND GO EARLY OR YOU WILL BE WAITING AROUND 30 minutes!
5	So yummy I'm not really a eating out breakfast person but this was fantastic. I had the  pastry with crab and artichoke. I got the hollandaise sauce on the side because I want sure I'd like it but that was delicious as well.
5	Ate here with my mom, whom I was visiting.  We had a yummy, yummy breakfast.  I had an omelette with so much goodness: bacon, ham, olives, mushrooms, onions, black olives and sour cream.  Not only was everyone there polite and cheery- our waitress brought me a cup of coffee to go as we didn't finish the carafe on the table!  Loved it!
4	The place was busy. We were greeted promptly at the door by our server and brought directly to our table. Coffee and drinks were delivered quickly, and our order was taken. The food was good, but the place was loud. Our server was on refills and even asked if we wanted a Diet to-go. The is no Sugar in the Raw, but the coffee is served in a nice carafe. Our server suggested the Honey Wheat-germ Pancakes. They were good, but way too much wheat-germ. The bacon was super greasy, so greasy that I had to pat the grease off with a spare napkin. The Chorizo-Frittata was good, but not at all spicy. The Home-Fries were ordinary and best. This was my first time to the place, I would go back if in the area, but would not make this a destination.
5	Best Breakfast Location in the Valley of the Sun!  This is the best place to take mom on Mother's Day and well worth the drive from anywhere in town!   I first found out about TC Eggington's in an MCC Small Business class back in 1988 when the owners spoke to our class. Needless to say have been hooked ever since!  That's 24 years!!!\n\nTo start with EVERY HUGE Omelette is a must our favorites are the:\n\nCottage Reef:  Savory crab meat and cream cheese dipped in a rich hollandaise sauce and topped with garden fresh artichoke hearts. This comes with a mound of homemade hashbrowns and English Toast too...you will not leave hungry!  \n\nAnother favorite is the Roasted Tuscan: Fire roasted eggplant, red peppers, garlic, zucchini, topped with fresh basil, sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese!\n\nThe boys like the Piglet's Passion:  diced ham, pork, sausage, bacon, green peppers, olives, tomatoes, onions, and assorted cheeses and one omelette is big enough for two! Priced at $8.95 each.\n\nWe love to get the orchard fresh fruit platter Cantalope, grapes, Kiwi, pineapple etc. with a giant english muffin on the side for an extra buck!\n\nThe Palour Creations are just as good try the Santa Fe Sautee pepper grilled chicken or the Crack of Dawn complete in it's own pan! \n\nWe love to get breakfast to go here on a Saturday morning and eat it with the kids at the Phoenix Zoo or Encanto Park or just before a family hike!  Cheers Here's to TC Eggington's!
4	This little spot can get really packed. The first time I was here there was a 20 minute wait. The 2nd time the restaurant was full, even though it was pretty late (about noon) on Sunday. \n\nThe coffee was excellent, strong and dark, and they set the pitcher on your table so you can get really caffeinated up. :)\n\nThe food and service was great. They've got some interesting breakfast selections on the menu. I'm not into sour cream, cream cheese, or feta on my eggs but for those a little more adventurous for breakfast, I'm sure would find those selections great. \n\nI just ordered eggs mixed with vegetables, potatoes, and cheese in a skillet. Very tasty. I guess next time I'll take the advice of others here and order the french toast! Yum.
5	This is probably the best breakfast place in the east valley. Athough we are new to the area, we have dined here several times before and have always come away with high praise. All the omelets are excellent and the pumpkin pancakes are yummy.  They do take reservations so if you want to avoid the long wait... 30 minutes or more on weekends, do call ahead.
5	I have been coming here for MANY years... Hands down the best food and service CONSISTENTLY... The owner is there all the time and most often everything thing runs like a well oiled machine.. I relocated to San Diego(even though we spend a lot of time in AZ) and have yet to find a TC Eggingtons replacement. Keep up the GREAT WORK...
5	This place is the best breakfast place here in Phoenix/Mesa. Worth the drive from any place in the valley as it does not get better than TC Eggington's! I will say that adding Biscuits and Gravy would be a wonderful thing! This could possible send me over the top if they added it! As many like Gravy with breakfast! But that should not stop you from enjoying a fantastic staple in the east valley... A little place that has consistant food and is well taken care of by it's owners! TC can be crazy at times peak breakfast hours and holidays so... Plan ahead and make a reservation! Its worth it!
5	I really can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before. This has been a family staple for us for many years. The Eggington Omelet & Eggs Benedict are my favorites. Multiple friends have Piglets Passion and the Crack Of Dawn on their favorites list. We have abandoned a camping trip at 6 am to make the trek down here from Payson for these dishes. The food is always great and the service is stellar.
1	Was hoping for crab benedict this morning. Was beyond disappointment. Luckily found out by asking that they use fake crabmeat like the kind in a Subway sandwich. Granted Im from Maryland and acknowledge that real crabmeat is hard to come by out here. That said I found it offensive and wrong that this place has the gall to trick people by not accurately depicting what their food is.  Call it Krab on the menu if thats what you use.. Servers and staff very friendly and accomodating. Service was slow. Got the veggie benedict. Was ok but nothing special. Potatos ok. Latte was gross. This place was way overpriced for the quality of food. I wont be back. Daily Dose in Scottsdale is where to go for crab benedict
5	I've been coming here for nearly 20 years with friends for our annual Christmas Eve breakfast. Just fantastic food. Started coming bi-weekly for brunch with my brother, who's an exec chef and says he hasn't found a better breakfast place. Love it. Great prices, very fresh food, and excellent service.
5	Out of this world French Toast. Did I make myself clear, the French Toast is TO DIE FOR!!\n\nI finally convinced, no really tricked my partner into coming here. By the time we decide we want breakfast on the weekends we're usually starving and a trip from Scottsdale to Mesa to wait in line for breakfast is just not in the cards.\n\nWell, today we planned a road trip and T.C. Eggington's was on the way, I am so happy it was. The service, other than on minor point was the absolute best and the food was great. I ordered the French Toast based on what I had read about this place and my partner ordered Pancakes. While both took a little longer than I would have wanted they were GREAT. The server was extremely friendly, just like everyone at the restaurant. Combine that with great food and it makes up for the food coming a little slower than I would have liked.\n\nIf you're in Mesa and want a great breakfast this is the place to come! You have to check it out...and order the French Toast. Take my word for it.
1	Toto we aren't in AZ anymore...it was like stepping into Connecticut! Very yuppy, sail boat outfits! Ok ok back to the actually experience, I called to make a reservation and they hadn't even written my name down until I came in and told them I called, so then we waited 5 mins. I ordered the raspberry white chocolate mocha which was pretty good and not overkill on the price. Then I had the blueberry girdie cake-no flavor! Bland blueberries and dry, not great pancakes. And if you didn't want some sort of egg dish, you are pretty sol!
4	Our friends are huge fans of this place so they took us after a morning hike.  Everything we had was delicious!  The pear omelet, the Piglet Passion omelet (bacon, ham and sausage), Apple Jack (pancake with apples, pecans and brown sugar cinnamon) and the french toast.  We sat outside which was nice with the misters.  The inside looked very nice and warming, they even had fresh daisies in vases on the tables.   Two things keeping us from going here more often - it's not close to where we live, and the price.  I think $27 for 2 people for breakfast is a little pricey but we'll keep it in mind for when visitors come to town or special occasions.  Safe to say you won't be disappointed if you go here.\n\n\"A day without eggs is just like any other day, but without eggs.\" \n-- T.C. Eggington
5	T.C. Egging tons is the place to go for breakfast , brunch , lunch ! Get here early because they get packed quick ! I love the \"Eggs Ben. E Dict\" so good !
5	I found this restaurant on yelp, I cannot begin to say how very good the food was. I had the crab stuffed in a pastry with artichoke and hollandaise sauce and a poached egg. It was truly one of the most wonderful things I have had to eat in recent memory. The parlour potatoes were also excellent. Brandi my server could not have been sweeter and so attentive. I highly recommend TC Eggington's.
5	Best breakfast in town.  I've eaten breakfast here for years and it's always been amazing. I would recommend it to anybody.
5	Just made reservations which made realize I should review them since we love this place!\n\nWe have been coming here since moving to the east valley 10 years ago. \n\nThe breakfasts here are really good!  Omelets, girdle cakes, parlour creations, egg cetera and frittatas. Best French Toast ever!! The cinnamon rolls are very good too. We always have left overs so it's like getting two breakfasts for the price of one.  \n\nI honestly can't comment on lunch because I have only eaten breakfast but based on that I would bet lunch is great too.\n\nServers are all clean cut, preppy looking, and VERY attentive...which is good because TCE is always packed.  They do take reservations which is good because you will need them on any holiday. \n\nSee you there Friday!
2	Oh, this was not good. Food not tasty. Overpriced not tasty food. If you're going to pay for a crab benedict, it should remotely taste like crab. And not be cold. Too busy, too long of a wait, too hungry to change. Other items tasted at our table did not receive much better feedback. I can't recall what others ate. In fact, there wasn't much worth remembering.
5	One of the best breakfast places ever! First time here. Drove 25 minutes from Gold Canyon based on Yelper's reviews and once again, Yelpers were right!!!\n\nHad Eggs Benedict and the Crack of Dawn Skillet. Hollandaise was on point! I still have dreams about that skillet. Perfect in every way. What was on the side, you ask? Two English Muffins. Um. What? Why am I talking about bread? Well, the english muffins are the bomb!! Seriously. Like my boyfriend almost busted into the kitchen to fond out where they get them from. They apparently get them from a local bakery. We might become stalkers.  Then, the waitress asked us if we had tried the apple cinnamon butter on the table. No. So, then we did and then our eyes popped out. Wow. No words! Insane!! \n\nUpdate: Second time back in one week. Had the Crab Stuffed Pastry and the Eggington Omelet. Soooo good! More English Muffins and Apple Butter! Also had an awesome Screwdriver and Mimosa! Great fresh squeezed OJ! Holy moly! Now when we eat breakfast anywhere else we are mad that we didn't just go back to The Egg. (Sigh)\n\nUpdate 6/1/15: I travel for a living and I won't be back to Arizona for 7 months. I'm sad. I miss this place. We have taken to comparing all breakfast places to TC Eggingtons. They don't compare. I'm 2000 miles away. (Sigh)
5	The staff was very friendly and polite and the food was absolutely excellent! Despite the 35 minute wait it was well worth it and we will definitely be back again!
5	Excellent,  it's been 17 years since I have been here and always had great memories and they still are rocking the breakfast menu! Great friendly service, nice farm decor, unique omelets.
5	First off, Joseph and Steven were such amazing workers. They made us feel so welcomed and put smiles on our faces. This restaurant was recommended to me by a friend because he knew how much I loved a Ncounter and apparently it's the parent company! I got the huevo con chorizo and it was delicious! The apple cinnamon jam is amazing you need to get the butter and English muffins and put the Jam on it!!! Everything was amazing this is a must visit!
4	If you're looking for a good meal with solid service you'll find it here.  The menu has something for everyone, too.  If you like to go out for lunch or brunch, this is a great place to go.  Friendly, fast staff helps make the experience that much better.
5	Where do I begin?!?!? This place is always amazing and never lacks in any area of hospitality, food or customer service! Be prepared to wait because there's always one and it is always worth it! They always have water, tea and coffee outside for guests and some seating so it makes the time pass a little easier. \n\nThe menu is extensive and there is truly something for everyone. The hardest part is trying new things every time I come because the last dish was so amazing! The servers uniforms are so cute, makes me feel like I'm in Kentucky for some odd strange reason. The Khakis with the light colored shirts they always look so crisp and clean!\n\nThe older gentleman that's always in he FOH (I believe he is the owner but not quite sure) is always patient and accommodating (as is the staff)! \n\nFor the professional bruncher: they have mimosas, bloody Mary's, bellini's and screw drivers- all for $5! You can't beat it! \n\nThey also have lunch- I've never had lunch here but I'm sure it's great! Why have lunch when you can have all this breakfast/brunch! \n\nI take everyone here and have yet to have any complaints..... In fact TC's quickly becomes one of their favs as well!
5	Quite frankly, there isn't a better breakfast in America (don't tell my wife). Although TC Eggintons is a bit expensive and always crowded, the breakfast food is second to none.\n\nI am personally a fan of the french toast but pretty much everything on the menu is divine. \n\nSince breakfast is the most important meal of the day, I would start it off here.
4	Ahhh freshly squeezed orange juice, yum.  I am a fan of their eggs benedict (without the ham) and roasted potatoes, very good.  The staff is friendly and helpful and the food is delicious and tastes just like home made cookin'! Just forget about going there on Sat or Sun morning unless you enjoy waiting and waiting and waiting some more. I suggest going on a weekday, you get seated right away. Great place to take the family for breakfast.
5	I have been there several times with girlfriends and always brag about it. Hubby and daughter were always super jealous. So... Today being the first day of Spring Break I decided they needed a special surprise!! I made reservations (not required but HIGHLY RECOMMEND because they are always packed).  We were seated right away and instantly you are comfortable in the country cozy decor.  I always get the same thing because when you have the best why switch? I am talking about the Farmer's Market Ben E Dict! Poached eggs with hollandaise check... But add spinach, tomato and Avocado... Yes please!! Absolutely delicious every time. My girlie girl got the same and was not disappointed with my recommendation. Hubby got the Cottage Reef omelet with crabmeat, artichoke hearts, cream cheese and hollandaise.... He cleaned his plate!  I have to admit that a small part of me wants to break out of my rut and go for the English toast with a French flair. Looks like we will be going back again and again!  Stay tuned for more :)
5	AMAZING! I love it. They have great English muffins and they cook everything perfect. I will definitely be going back! Two thumbs up!
4	Great breakfast and lunch options. Love the eggs Benedict here, made with real hollandaise sauce not cheese sauce some places use. They're small juices are very small but luckily ever table has it's own carafe of lemon ice water if you're a big drinker like me. Be prepared to wait if you show up on a weekend morning, good breakfast places always have a line.
1	Well this is the place that made me sign up for a Yelp account. Been here a handful of times now. A star for the ok to sometimes pretty good service - never terrible. \n\nNow, the food... It's not bad - if you're 600lbs and like to eat grease or buckets of sugar for breakfast. I've been more than once because my boyfriend sometimes enjoys southern cooking - if that tells you anything more about this place. This last time I went I got an egg white vegetable omelette because the pancakes and french toast  I had previously tried were a little too sweet and much. Sounds like a nice healthy option, right? Pretty sure they even used the word healthy on the menu's description. Hah. It was literally atop a LAKE of oil. I feel sick just thinking about it now. WHY? Why so much grease on everything here? Especially an egg white veggie omelette?? I don't get it! I used every napkin at the table and asked for more to soak some of it off my food, and still the omelette was dripping. Not an exaggeration - DRIPPING. SUCH a shame because I could tell the vegetables were fresh. And for some reason whoever dumped that crap all over the plate thought drizzling it all over the english muffin would be good too. Wtf?? There's fat American food and then there's this. I understand this place is kinda supposed to be like that - lots of hearty options, if you will? But this last time? It was just SO gross I had to mention for those who aren't interested in giving themselves heart problems with just one meal.\n\nIf no one else will say it, I will. T.C. Eggington's puts Paula Deen to shame. Just go to Denny's or Waffle House. You won't get mimosas with your meal but the food will taste the same and cost less!
5	Best breakfast, consistent for the past 15 years I have eaten there...and today I ventured to the lunch menu. Holy sandwich Batman! Turkey. Bacon. Cheddar. Apple. Caramelized Onions. Sun-dried Tomatoes. Do it!
5	When we eat out for breakfast with my parents on the East side of the Valley, it is always at TC Eggington's.\n\nThough we only make the drive across town a couple of times a year we are always greeted by name (we used to live on this side of town and came more often). \n\nMy wife swears by the crab cakes and I highly recommend the Crack o' Dawn. Also the apple jam on english muffin is not to be missed.\n\nIf I could eat here for breakfast every week I would.
5	We love this place! Never dissatisfied with a meal. It has an old, country feel. Great service and amazing breakfast!
5	I've been here a handful of times -- and need to go back for at least two more handfuls to try all the delicious things on their menu!  I'd advise going during the week, if possible.  On weekends the wait can be 30-40 minutes (long by Arizona standards).  \n\nPast choices included the crab and artichoke omelet, the crab topped pastry with poached egg, or French toast made with cinnamon bread, then dipped in a custard-like batter.  This past visit I had the Farmer's style Eggs Benedict that piled tomato, spinach, and avocado on an English muffin, then a poached egg and Hollandaise sauce.  Scrumptious!  The only thing I don't think I'd order again are the smoothies.  My adult son agreed -- healthy, but not all that flavorful.  \n\nNice touches at this restaurant.  Tables are set up with a carafe of water.  The menus have actual chicken wire sealed into the front cover.  This theme is carried through on the lamps.  \n\nAlthough they are known for breakfast, the lunch menu looked tantalizing, too.  Definitely a place to put on the favorites list!
2	Im not sure of we went on an off day but the service was slow. The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the crab pastry with hollandaise. It was imitation and the hollandaise was obviously a powder. I could taste the butter flavored margarine on the potatoes. we will.not be going back. $30 for two people plus tip. Such a waste. Also the tables and high chairs were gross I had to wipe them down.
4	Finally after 20 some odd years, I am finally eating here . . . though not for breakfast, but for a light business lunch.\n\nWe were seated quickly, and our drink order taken . . . shortly after our drinks arrived, our wiatress returned to tak our order . . . I ordred the Balsamic Florentine Chicken Grille Sandwich.\n\nThe sandwich arrived in a reasonable amount of time . . . and was unbelievable.  The chicken was hot and moist . . . the mushroooms with the balsamic dressing were sweet and tasty . . . the cibatta roll was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  The black bean side salad was also good . . . the problem was I wanted to finish my whole sandwich . . . so I did have some salad left over.\n\nThe reason for the loss of a star was simple . . . our waitress did stop back and check on us once, but since we were there for over an hour . . . I would have light to have had somewon from the restaurant check back with us.\n\nReturn trip . . . Most Definitely . . .
2	Since we were on vacation, I searched Yelp for breakfast recommendations which ultimately lead us to this restaurant. I thought I had read majority of the reviews for this location; it primarily had positive descriptions about great food and a home-like environment. \nWhen we arrived, we were immediately seated. Our server asked us if we were ready to order and  we asked for a few more minutes. Our service rapidly went downhill from there. \nOur server did not come back for roughly fifteen minutes. She served a table across of us, possible family/friends: she took their order, brought their drinks and food before attending to our table. \nWhen she came back, we quickly ordered and thankfully received our order in a timely manner. That was the last time we saw her. \nAt this point, our drinks were not refilled and we had to ask a hostess to refill our drink since our waitress was busy moving from table to table. I understand that the restaurant became very busy at this point but we just wanted to leave; I was ready to inform the manager at this point of our service but she finally came back. \nBottom line: we did not tip her nor do we recommend coming here. Although the food tasted great, it's not worth the service.
2	Lackluster, flavorless breakfast. Do not go out of your way to come here. I was shocked at how many people were waiting to eat here. I ordered the poached eggs with toast and potatoes. They overcooked the eggs; a place with the word EGG in the title should be able to properly poach an egg. The potatoes were very basic and sad. The bacon my dad ordered was fatty and kinda undercooked. The big killer is that the prices were more expensive than a diner yet the quality of the food was the same.
2	I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was bland. The French toast was huge, light and airy but the syrup tasted like it was out of a Kroger brand bottle. Also the oj was not fresh, probably out of a frozen concentrate. \n\nThe service was good and prices ok.
5	This is my most favorite Breakfast spot.  We went here on Sunday, and we got there at approx 11am, the hostess guy said we had a 15 minute wait and we walked around and when we came back they already had called our name, so they got us right in.   \nWe ordered a Egg White ham and cheese omelet, with olives, bell peppers, and blacks olives (not overly greasy) and the portions are so large they were able to split one serving into two, with a serving of home fries, and English muffin, coffee and a cup of steel oats with brown sugar and raisins for each of us, and all this for under $25.00.\nI would really recommend this place if you have out of town guest,  it would be a great treat to take them here, and not bad on the wallet.\nThe staff is phenomenal, and the decor is french country, it's cute.
4	Quite a good breakfast.  Very good selection of food.  If it were closer, I would eat here often.
2	My newly relocated friend had heard this was an excellent brunch spot so we met up here around 10am. I had the French Toast Foster which is the English Toast with bananas and a brown butter syrup. The toast was super thick and delicious, I also ordered 2 over medium eggs on the side which were cooked perfectly.\n\nMy friend on the other hand was disappointed in her pear and havarti omelette. She is a vegetarian and requested the dish without the bacon. Perhaps the bacon was the missing ingredient because she said there wasn't anything special about the omelette with a skimpy portion of pear, and a slice of cheese paper included.
4	I've been meaning to update this for awhile, just hadn't gotten around to it.  I cannot, in good faith, leave my rating of Eggington's with 1 star.  This is my go-to, staple, home-grown, proud-to-be-a-native-Phoenician breakfast place.  I've never brought anyone here that didn't have wonderful things to say about it, and the food is absolutely wonderful.  The same owners, recipes are constant and haven't changed on the quality of ingredients.  I don't know what I shall do if they ever close...\n\nThe Egginton Omlette is probably my favorite, but with a pancake on the side.  Followed by their eggs benedict.  Lunch isn't bad either!  But go for the breakfast.
5	Lived up to the hype. The spicy Spain was delicious. As was the oj..very cozy spot with reasonable prices. Will go again
5	Best french toast ever! This place is always busy and there is a reason, the food is great! I have been coming here for probably about 5 years now and can't believe I have never written a review! I love the atmosphere, fun, quirky and good service all the time even though it is always full. Some of the same people have been working here for as long as I can remember so they must be a good place to work as well because staff just doesn't stay like that. My daughter loves their omelets, my friend and her daughter loved the sandwiches. We never have a complaint and any time someone wants breakfast this is where I suggest.
5	TC Eggingtons is so Delish!! I go here for breakfast at least once every time I'm in Arizona. \nWhere do I begin.. The apple jelly, the fresh orange juice, the giant blueberry pancake, and the most amazing omelette/frittata selection you can possible imagine. I highly suggest going with a group so you can sample eachothers food and split the blueberry hill pancake.
5	Everything about Mamakas is perfect.  The staff is very informative and helpful. I had no reservation and waited only 20mins on a Friday night. This place is always packed! It's worth awaiting for! Seating by the kitchen is fun and entertaining. \nThanks Chris!
5	Stopped by Mamakas on a friday night without a reservation, it was quite packed. We were second in line, but were seated very quickly at the kitchen.\n\nService was fast, friendly and knowledgeable. I found the menu hard to navigate as I was unfamiliar with a lot of the terminology but the server was great at explaining.\nSitting by the kitchen, we were also able to interact with the kitchen staff who were also friendly.\nFood was delicious, on the higher end in terms of price but definitely worth it.
4	Really great. The only downside was the hostess!!! She was VILE. So rude and bitchy. We almost turned around and left right there, but I'm really glad we didn't, as the server was beyond pleasant and very good at his job, and the food was yummy. Also a great atmosphere! Go figure, after driving across town for years to get mediocre Greek food on the danforth, we found the best in the city 2 minutes from our front door!
4	A friend recently claimed Mamakas to be the best restaurant in Toronto right now. I am always skeptical of such claims, especially because I went to Alo for my last birthday. Decided to give this a go anyway and see what the hype is about!\n\nWe walked in and all the tables were reserved so we were offered a seat at the bar by the hostess, which I am totally ok with because you get to see the chefs working and that's always super fun. You get more of an insight on how things are prepared and how the kitchen is run.\n\nThe server was pretty friendly, and gave us a rundown of the menu and an idea of how much we should order. I asked a couple of questions about what we should get and she was helpful, except for one tiny, but annoying error - I will explain more shortly. \n\nWhat we got:\n- tzatziki dip: this was delicious and addictive, with fresh dill. what the server forgot to mention was that the lamb we ordered also comes with this dip, so this was a double order. if we had known, we would have tried another app\n- house made pita: we ordered these once and then ordered them again cause they were freaking amazing and also because of the repeat dip that came with the lamb. they grill these and then season them \"salt bae\" style before they are served. the salt comes as a nice burst of flavour and crunch with some bites\n- fried smelts: YUM, addictive little salty bites of goodness, served with some kind of aioli \n- greek salad: the most authentic greek salad i've had outside of greece. came with a big slab of GOOD feta at the top\n- the lamb main: grilled, with a nice char, but a little rare for my liking - although my husband loved this. came with more tzatziki, which annoyed me lol\n- the octopus main: the way they prepare this is sous-vide and then grilled, which makes it perfect. it comes on a bed of santorini fava, which i found to be a bit grainy, could have been creamier. but i enjoyed this more than the lamb\n- baklava + ice cream dessert: good baklava, good ice cream. not too sweet and a well balanced dessert\n- aphrodite cocktail: good, cute cup, not too sweet \n- siko old fashioned cocktail: my husband enjoyed it\n\nis this the best restaurant in toronto? no. is it worth a try and worth going back? absolutely, yes. the tea smoked chicken and whole fish (they debone it after it's grilled - i love a good whole, deboned fish!) are on my list of mains to try next time!
5	Oh ma gaw. Just had one of the best meals I've ever had at Mamakas.\n\nFull disclosure: I didn't pay for anything/don't even know how much our meal cost, so this review is strictly about food and service... Which were so flawless that Beyonce would have to change her song to \"Somewhat Flawed, Actually.\"\n\nOur server recommended the Fix Hellas for me, as I like lighter beers, and it was perfect. My family raved about their cocktails.\n\nMy family and I had a six?-course prix fixe meal:\n\n1. Pita + four dips\n2. Cured swordfish + spanakopita\n3. Tomato/feta/cucumber salad\n4. Grilled lambchops with couscous salad + garlic fries\n5. Grilled octopus over a fava bean sauce\n6. Baklava + ice cream\n\nThe lamb was so goddamn juicy and delicious. The tomato/feta/cucumber salad was another favourite. There was enough food to feed a TDSB classroom, but we managed to finish most of it.\n\nService was really good... Our server was knowledgeable, charming, and generally on POINT. There was also what sounded like Greek house music playing in the restaurant, which made for good (but loud-ish) vibes. Walls are all white, giving it that Santorini feel.\n\nSo, so good though.
4	Beautiful decor and ambiance. Lovely and refined wine selection and boutique crafted cocktails are gorgeous and well designed. The food... hmm. .. difficult. Get some help from the wait staff for sure.  (Who are lovely, effecient and so professional.) Bc the sharing plates are significant but the mains are small etc. The fries are divine, a true double fried frites that are seasoned plenty and leave a lasting impression. \n\nOnly order the smelts if you are die hard into them or have more then two table mates hahaha... Bc omg the serving is massive and also delicious. The spreads and pita are too die for. The olives are a definite skip, not worth it, over burdened with spices and oil and very hard. Apparently they are supposed to be, so if that's your thing... well enjoy! But I'm more of a olive crazed lunatic so I want my olives ripe, succulent and varied. \nThe saganaki was understated and adorned with figs, honey and walnuts making it my favourite item 100%. The Parmasan crusted asparagus was my second fave. \n\nThe sausage and hummus dish. Not my bag, S.O. loved it. To me it was far too.... everything. The texture was more towards overcooked even though it certainly was not and the spicing was too fall/winter for me. Again, S.O. loved it, but he likes pumpkin spice and is a simple betch whereas I'm a fussy orenary 90 yr old with halatosis so... grain of salt. \n\nWill absolutely return for sharing with more ppl, but would gladly attend for a romantic date as well.
4	Easily one my my favourite restaurants in Toronto.\n\nNot only does Mamakas serve upscale flavourful greek dishes, they match it with a bustling and energetic environment.  Mamakas executed simple dishes with flair and finesse.  The simplistic spanokopita was brought alive with sweetness from the glazed honey which complemented perfectly with the acidity from the underlying yogurt spread. The lamb chops were possibly the best lamb chops that I've had. The spread of tzatziki underneath the lamb chops was so good that it could probably be a dish on its own!\n\nI would definitely come back once, twice, and possibly many more times for the spanokopita and the lamb chops!
5	This is probably my new favourite restaurant in Toronto. The sea bass and lamb are unreal. This would be an amazing date spot too!
5	Ate at this place last week and loved it!  The place was packed and the food was fantastic.  We had the spanakopita, which was so delicious, we had another!  Then we had the lamb chops and the octopus as mains.  I loved them both.  And then finished it off with a black pepper infused goat milk rum drink with goat cheesecake with a fig.  It was so delicious that I was having what I call, food orgasms all night.  The atmosphere was wonderful, staff were fun and the owner and main bartender are both so passionate about what they are doing, it was nice to watch and relish in their creations.
5	Excellent restaurant.  I've been here twice now,  once for work and once with my wife,  and both experiences were excellent. Staff is friendly,  service is quick,  and the food is great!\n\nIm partial to the dips you get as appetizers.  I think I could subsists on  a few of those and their flatbread for a few weeks.
4	I don't have much experience with Greek cuisine outside of fast food like souvlaki and gyros, so I decided to go with the modern-Greek route for an introduction. \n\nMamakas is on the hipster Ossington strip, where creativity is never lacking. The menu at Mamakas appeared to consist of dishes using a Greek foundation, then altered with up-to-date cooking techniques and seasonal local ingredients. \n\nI started off with what the owner highly recommended, the xifias, to contrast the rich flavors of the meaty main dishes. The xifias is unlike most of the appetizers, in that it's a cold dish, consisting of thin swordfish sashimi sprinkled with fennel, dill, radish, chili, and a few pieces of sea asparagus. The fish was sheet-thin but still had a meaty flesh, it tasted generally mild but easily soaked up the bright lemon sauce and herbally dill. I have heard of a Greek swordfish steak before, but never seen swordfish served the way Mamakas hprepared it. This truly demonstrates the theme of Mamakas reinventing dishes using the Greek recipe core and local vegetables.\n\nFor the main course, I ordered the rabbit stifado. This dish was the reason I came to Mamakas, after seeing it highlighted in a travel magazine that I read at my hotel. The stifado not quite served as a stew in a pot as you might imagine, the Mamakas version is an individual portion and served on big plate. It contained a succulent rabbit leg braised in wine, sweet chopped vegetables, and peppercorns, then placed over a creamy puree of artichokes. The rabbit meat was accompanied with roasted onions, which had the best caramelized flavor I had ever experienced. \n\nService was exceptional from the moment I stepped through the door. The owner was genuine, energetic, and friendly, he definitely knows hospitality and how to entertain guests.\n\nThe prices were somewhat higher than expected, but justified due to the use of local fresh ingredients in a very unique and creative way. After a great meal at Mamakas, I definitely want to return the next time I'm in town, and also try a traditional Greek restaurant on Danforth to see the difference.
5	I had a huge craving for some really good wonton soup! Used yelp to help me find some around this area & I discovered this little hidden gem. This cafe is inside of the city hall building. \n\nI ordered wonton soup & also added noodles to it! I believe the wonton are homemade. The meat inside of them are so well seasoned. The portion of the soup was pretty decent for the price. The egg noodles really added a nice touch to the soup. Although the broth was slightly a little too sweet for my liking. Overall the soup really hit the spot for me!
5	This place is located inside Peoria City Hall, and I wish I work there so I can eat this every day! Jk...I'd be broke.\n\nFood-excellent! I was surprised. Normally food places inside a company building aren't that great, but this was! I don't remember the name of what I got, but it was this soup noodle. Both were very delicious, and everything on the menu looked good.\n\nThe place was very clean, and the owners were very nice. Parking was easy to find; they have a guest parking in the back and it's a close walk to the cafe. I would definitely go back. Go try it out!!
5	Holy Mole this place is good!\n\nClean, friendly & delicious!\n\nI love it and I will be back to visit often.\nGreat Place!\nAuthentic & Family owned.
5	A nice spot to get some Vietnamese food. I had the house soup and it was quite good. The owner and staff are very friendly and inviting.
5	When I learned that Anise Cafe was closed I about died! I'm sure a lot of people felt the same way. When I found out they just changed name and new location I was jumping off the wall! Why? It's simple The food is delicious, outstanding service!, pleasant environment!  I am now a happy happy person!
5	What a hidden gem. This is inside the court house so WHO KNEW!! This place is a must!! What amazing Tai food I was blown away from the flavor the broth the way each ingredient had its individuality even tho it sat in a bowl of broth. I could not get enough. This is a mom AN pop place Ann the owner came out and greeted us and was very sweet. The spring rolls were fresh and one bite as delicious as the next. I will definitely go back next time I am in Peoria. Make sure you go early as they keep court hours. Do not let the fact that they are in a court house deter you from going. Happy Eating.
5	Very pleasant lunch in a super clean in the chrerful environmrnt of the Peoria City Hall. Greeted with many smiles and suggestions for my lunch. I tried the banh mi (I am not sure of spelling),  sandwich with chicken and it was great. The chewey bread filled with chicken,  pickled carrot, daikon and cilantro with a sauce worked well together. I will go back to try more of their menu at this hidden gem. Try it ss you will too be a fan
5	I love their pho I have order beef pho 3 times now and each time more delicious than the last! I love it here, a little hard to find since its inside the city hall building but once you find it you'll love it. Its clean!!! And the food is made to order and fresh
4	I haven't been to this place in 15 years. But now those back in the area I desperately wanted to try it again and it did not disappoint. The selection on the buffet is amazing and outstanding and the food is really good. The service is excellent the wait staff is friendly the manager came over to say hello and ask how things were great experience would highly recommend the place we're from New York but certainly would come here again.
1	Zero happiness exists in this location and just outright rude service.\nThe managers treat you like you are bothering them if you make a request for more shrimp in a take out order even if you pay whatever they ask.
2	I've been to this location many times and the table service is always horrible. Since this is a buffet, the only job of your server is to clear the dishes off of your table and to bring drinks to your table.  As always, the dishes at my table piled up while my server continued to walk around the dining area and collect dishes from other tables, I had to flag him down and tell him to take my dishes away. He also forgot to bring water to my table, forgot to bring us straws, and didn't fill our glasses as they emptied. \nThis random server girl brought us our bill early while my guests were still eating, the manager (woman in blazer) came to our table to apologize. When it came time to pay the bill I did something that I have never done in my entire life, I LEFT NO TIP. \nI was beginning to feel a tad guilty, but I knew I had made the right decision when the server ripped the receipt and tossed it into my lap and walked away without a word. I mean, you had to have seen this coming. \n\nOn another occasion I recall my servers secretly including a $15 \"service fee\"  on every one of my friend's bills (we paid separately) , none of us noticed and included a tip in the cost. It was after my friend asked for a detailed receipt that we all noticed this. There were eight of us so they secretly got $120 in tips from my table.\n\nA word of advice, ask for a detailed receipt before swiping your credit card here.
5	Awesome service. Great food. Clean place. Would definitely recommend it. I've been to other Mandarin Restaurant before but this one way better service and much cleaner.
4	I loved the food when I first got there. By the end, everything seemed to taste the same. Maybe I shouldn't have went back to the buffet for my 6th serving.
2	Every Mandarin is identical, and this one is no different. The food is passable but bland and uninspired. Their fish is horribly cooked - dry and tough - and their holiday specials (e.g., lobster thermidor) are poorly done and not worth the hefty surcharge. There are many better buffets in the GTA so I suggest you go there. \n\nOther issues: their seating is painfully slow. Each hostess takes one guest at a time, so even when there are dozens of empty tables you could wait 10 minutes to sit if a few people are in front. Learn from the big buffets and seat multiple parties at once.\n\nOn the plus side, Mandarin is clean.
4	Make sure you have a reservation, and come 10 minutes prior to your requested time so you get a table a.s.a.p as this place is often crowded around the dinner time rush. With that said, the food is great, and depending on what day you go, there is always added specials to satisfy your taste buds. Drinks are extra cost, but they do have a variety of drinks to choose from. The place is kept clean, even though there are a few chairs and tables that could be replaced as the overuse of them can be seen and felt when sat on or touched. With that said, one of the better locations. Been here 5 or 6 times, and will come again ( with reservations ) when I am in the area
1	Possibly the worst Chinese takeaway I've had in any country in the world.\n\nOvercooked, old wonton. Over-sweet, tough spare ribs. Very sad looking prawns in way too much garlic (and I like garlic, but this dish could kill a vampire).\n\nPerhaps good if you go for the buffet, but NEVER take away from this place as they'll just give you all the old stuff. Steer clear.
2	Two stars are generally reserved for places that have pretty bad food and have good service. If a place has horrible food and bad service, that's a one star restaurant in my book.\n\nWith that said, the food here is just bad. But most buffets have bad food, especially with a name like Mandarin or Hong Kong or Chinese stuck in it somewhere. Avoid those places unless you don't mind cutting your life short by a few years, gaining a few pounds, and most likely getting diarrhea in the process. If you don't shit yourself after eating here, you will down the road and remember it's because you ate here.\n\nParking: Plenty\nPrice: Not worth it\nWait: Long just to get seated
4	Located in the Industrial Heartland of North York, this location provides the variety you crave.\n My mid-week arrival with the Birthday Girl was delightful...my strategy is to start light and pick out a huge prime rib bone to gnaw on for the night. \nNo surprises here...I have been to ALL their locations..attentive service...\nclean utensils....my date went well !
1	Finch location. Ordered barbecue spare ribs for take out around 3:00 p.m.  They don not have them on the lunch buffet, only dinner, so I specifically requested that they be made fresh. Got the order home a few minutes later only to find they were ice cold, dry and drowned in sauce.  Obviously they had been cooked the day before, taken from the fridge, put in a container and given to me for my take out order.  I called and spoke to the manager who gave me a credit but what he should have offered me was a complimentary dinner to compensate for the fact that I drove over there and was given day old food which was inedible.
2	This restaurant is one of the worst restaurant I've ever ate at.... \nThe food is not good as I expected. The waiters aren't that nice either. They spoke way too fast as if they are in a rush. The only good thing about it is that they have a variety of drinks and that's about it .-. \nI don't recommend this restaurant.
4	I had a good lunch here. Like all buffets part of the Mandarin chain, it is clean and offers pretty good food.
4	Well, when you've got teenaged boys around, (they're always hungry), and it's too hot to cook you go to a Buffet. I hadn't been to this location in some years. It was my favorite back then and I was not disappointed this time either. I tried some of everything. The prime rib was juicy and tender, the sushi was fresh and all of the Chinese fare was delicious. (wasn't crazy about the seaweed salad though...ugh). My only gripe is that even with a reservation we had to wait a while to be seated. But  that's not new. If you want to eat here best make that reservation. I have gone a couple of times just spur of the moment and couldn't get in.
4	It's a nice family restaurant. The food choices are decent, the place is clean and well organized. Overall a very pleasant experience that I would recommend.
2	The last time I went to Mandarin restaurant was about 14 years ago at the Yonge and Eglinton location. I decided to come to this branch for good old times sake and because I didn't know they would differ. The service kind of lagged, since they did not take our empty plates on time and when I had no choice but to place my empty plate on the empty table next to us, they complained that I shouldn't do so. Well, where am I supposed to put my plate when you don't pick it up on time?\nI only enjoyed the lobster legs and everything else was extremely mediocre. I can't recommend this place at all, since the quality is very low and the options are small.\nIt literally feels like going to an all you can eat Chinese take out at your local mall. If that's your thing then by all means come here. If not, don't waste your money and consume your high sugar, high glutamate dish with fattening low quality desert.\nI only give this place a 2 star, since another waiter helped me teach how to get the meat out of the lobster leg. By the way, there's no proper lobster utensil to use at this place.
5	I feel like I'm in the twilight zone!\n\nI read the reviews going here and was VERY worried! My wife wanted to try it and so I went hesitantly.\n\nThis place was INCREDIBLE!\n\nFood was great, ambience was phenomenal, service was impeccable, and location unbeatable.\n\nWith your food (which you get a ton of) they bring fresh squeezed juice shots, a bowl of fruit, homemade jam, and fresh maple syrup.\n\nThey may have changed since the other reviewers but I find this place unreal.\n\nHIGHLY recommend.
2	1. C'est dispendieux par rapport \u00e0 la qualit\u00e9.\n2. C'est dispendieux par rapport \u00e0 la portion de l'assiette.\n3. Ce n'est pas app\u00e9tissant par rapport \u00e0 la fraicheur des ingr\u00e9dients.\n4. Le service n'est pas leurs points forts.
1	Very ordinary but it's a historic house at the corner of the main and the Church. The ladies had the Chinese fondue and the guys the crepes au gratin. \n\nThe fondue liquid was lukewarm and even with the little heating candle underneath the po, it never brought the broth to boil. Meat was scarce and there was about 4 regular sized shrimps. Ladies weren't impressed.\n\nThe crepes were very hot having been in the oven to melt the cheese. The white b\u00e9chamel sauce was average, a bit on the salty side. I had the ratatouille crepe and I liked it, but also on the salty side. What's with these cooks? The plates were quite small for a main course dish. Guys weren't impressed either.\n\nThe waiter was doing his best to keep everyone happy on that hot Sunday evening.\n\nAll in all, I wanted to eat a crepe, I did and I'll go somewhere else now. This restaurant's attraction is the deck and the view, not the food.
5	Stumbled across this charming hole in the wall on the way to dim sum. Fabulous. Shrimp po boy was unbelievably good. Excellent fries. Prices are too low!
4	Very good sandwiches.\n\nI tried 2 different kinds the Po boy and it was fantastic, shrimp was fried perfectly. And the Porchetta, this was good but was lacking the crunch of some cracklin, if they added that it would have been perfect.\n\nOverall though, this place is worth going to.
5	Awesome...simply awesome! It so great to go to a place where the take their craft seriously. Even better when the finished product is stellar! I had the porchetta sandwich and certainly ranks as best in the city. The crackling shines in this awesome Mexican inspired rendition of this classic sandwich. The people beside were raving about the steak and shrimp po' boy sandwiches. I can't wait to try those next time. \n\nAlso, the staff was super friendly and the place just oozes cool. I'll be a regular for sure!!
2	This place would appeal most to the MacDonald's generation. Based on the rave reviews I would say the MacDonald's crowed has found it. Giving away free hot chocolate daily is a good indication of their need for business. The Brick Oven Bakery on Logan at Queen still holds the title for best Leslieville Sandwich at only $7.50. tax included. They are also working the marketing angle and have every friend write a positive review.  Been here a few times since my first review below and I am not as hot about this place as previous.  Sully's started off good but they seem to keep dropping the ball. The giant mirror (what were they thinking) has got to go. Imagine eating a messy sandwich while looking at yourself in a giant mirror 3 feet away, not pretty. I notice now people sit with their back to the mirror starring at the wall.\n\nYou won't get a nicer bunch of servers but that's just not good enough. This is a tiny sandwich place so grab and go is important. I waited over 30 minutes for my sandwich, it was obvious my order got pushed back for some unorganized reason. I'm not impressed and not happy. If they get your order right, it could be enjoyable, they don't, usually they drop the ball. \n\nThe shrimp sandwich is sully's version of a New Orleans classic sandwich. Not eve close to the real thing but tasty. I wouldn't go back\n\nDefinitely not a winning formula. I would recommend to only go during off hours, only problem is, they have very restricted hours making it a place you cannot rely on.
5	Addicted to the Shrimp Po Boy! As a sandwich enthusiast I give Sullys Sandwiches a glowing recommendation. The ingredients are fresh and flavourful, the Po Boy alone is composed of a perfect combination of texture: crunchy shrimp tempura, delicious southern slaw and a creamy aioli to set off the tempura, complete with a perfect bun. Will be returning as often as possible!
4	This little sandwich outpost just east of Gerrard strip of Chinatown East was on my radar for a long time.  But everytime I swung by, I was either not hungry or the place was closed (open til 6pm, closed Sundays).\n\nNow, I'm always wary of hyped-up, trendy, pricey sandwich joints that claim higher quality but always lack that 'oomph' and leave you unsatisfied in portion size and flavour.  However, I had hope for this place considering the relatively odd location and odd hours (let's face it, if it's open all hours in a busy part of town -- it doesn't need to be good).  And I'm glad to report this place is legit.\n\nService is friendly and I was recommended to try either the shrimp po' boy or the porchetta for a first-timer.  I decided on the po' boy and it was godamned delicious.  It was loaded with large tempura-fried fresh shrimp and all the ingredients (romaine, slaw, tomato, and a light aioli with a light kick) complemented the shrimp and didn't overpower it.  In addition, I find most sandwich joints use shitty bread -- not here.  Just right the thickness and texture and the sandwich was built beautifully for no 'dry bites'.  A steal for $8.\n\nI had a bite of the Meatless (tempura battered and marinated tofu, sesame mustard and Asian slaw) and it was decent - perhaps a bit salty and lacked texture - but my vegetarian girlfriend really liked it (she usually has to settle for 'after thought' veggie options) as it had protein and the flavour was well layered.  And ya, DAT BUN again - so good.\n\nThe place doesn't reinvent the sandwich - but crafted everything just right.  I actually found myself thinking about the delicious po' boy hours after having it (doing our weekend shop in Chinatown).  Now, that's fucking impressive.\n\nThe place may take the 'consciously crafted' label a bit too seriously - no pop on offer, just Pellegrino and flat/sparkling water.  But service was friendly and the sandwiches do all the talking.  Also, there is a shelf of random table games and toys to keep yourself entertained while you wait for your sandwich to be constructed.\n\nWill definitely be back to try the porchetta - will hold off on the full-bird five stars to make sure it wasn't a fluke - but ya, I really like this simple sandwich joint.
5	Great & reasonable  $ sandwiches.  Checkout the new outdoor patio.\n\nHad the shrimp posted boy - enough for two to split - only  $8 bucks.
4	Sully's popped up quietly like a hip ninja on the quiet-but-slowly-blooming-if-ever Gerrard/Logan dead storefronts stretch that I walk by every single day back in my high school days. To some, it's a welcomed addition to the area. For others it's just a place for great gourmet sandwiches, run by a guy who also runs a downtown hotel restaurant and is apparently dead serious about quality \"consciously crafted food\" and sandwich-making as a skill.\n\nThe establishment itself is small, with a bar height table seating six and barely any more room for a lineup.** The decor seems at an inexplicable crossroads between bare bones basics (with a depressingly empty shelf on one wall) and cliche hipster reclaimed wood aesthetics from the hip down (trying to be inspired by shipbuilding with them rope details?).\n\nI'm not as big about sandwiches as owner Michael 'Sully' may be, but you know what? They make some pretty decent sandwiches. They have a tiny and straightfoward menu, with sandwiches including a meatless Banh mi-style option on board. The $8 porchetta sandwich is a delicious conservative choice, packing a good mix of juicy pork, crunchiness and a kick of heat from the jalapeno aioli every second or third bite. The steak ($8) however, now that's a big mouthful of fun in a handful. It comes with fries... in the sandwich; it's a takeout meal slapped in between two buns! Oh yes, them buns they use: slightly crispy, very soft, holds everything in place without getting soggy quickly, and definitely the perfect bread for any sandwich you'll want to eat. Go to hell, Wonder bread!\n\nThere's one minor inconvenience though. They do have a habit of being closed inexplicably when they say they would be open--their hours of 11 to 1800h are not posted anywhere in the window but rather appears on their Twitter account (@sullyssandwich - they apparently too kool for a webz site or even hours on the window). I guess the most reliable indicator is to see if the lights are on and their sandwich board is out listing their off-menu daily specials. And they definitely don't open on Sundays.\n\nAlso, only soft drinks served. You want beer like a true hipsta (like they sometimes suggest on their Twitter feed)? You could go across the street to the Beer Store, score a can, sit at the curb and kick it real old school Leslieville/South Riverdale. Just sayin'.\n\n**edit addendum May 2015: they installed two picnic tables out front, effectively more than doubling their on-site eat-in capacity. Yea.\n\n{TTC: 506 streetcar to Logan Ave. No sandwich sign out for a sandwich shop, no open lah.}
5	Out of all the sandwich shops in Leslieville, Riverside, and Riverdale, this one makes me drool the most.\n\nTheir sandwiches are the standard $6-$8 for the area, but they're so full of flavour, and what makes it the best in my books is the bread. They use this brioche bun (maybe?) that's so soft and sweet, and it perfectly matches the density and flavour of the rest of the sandwich so you're not squeezing out the contents with every bite. That and it's not too much bread that it's the only thing you taste.\n\nSo far I've had their steak sandwich, which only recently made it onto their permanent menu, and the ADB (all-day breakfast) sandwich. Both so amazing. It makes the walk up to the restaurant (even in -20C weather) worth it. So so worth it.
5	Wowww best sandwiches I've had in a longg time!! \nHad the Porchetta (which was soft and fatty and delicious) and the Shrimp Po Boy (crispy and saucy). Both were amazing, really. The bread they use is perfect because it soaks up the sauce without getting soggy. Can't wait to come back.
5	I work in the neighborhood and decided to pop in for lunch today having heard good things. I was not disappointed! The guy behind the counter recommended the porchetta sandwich. I brought it back to work to eat and it was fantastic. Great value for the price, the sandwich was loaded up. The meat was rich and flavourful and toppings are a roasted jalape?o and queso fresco which gives it just the right amount of spice and texture. There was also cracking which I could have used a bit more of to give it a little more crunch! My only complaint would be that the bun got a bit soggy on the walk back to the office, so it was a bit messy to eat. Next time I might ask them to cut it in half for me to make it easier. Otherwise completely spot on, I will definitely be back to try some of the other items here!
5	The place has a great feel the moment you walk in. Even as a first timer, they treated me as if they knew me. \nSimple menu, packed with flavorful options. I had chicken, bf had shrimp sandwich. The sauce in the shrimp sandwich was unreal! The fries were delicious too :)
5	Had the shrimp po boy. It was better than the one I had in New Orleans! Super friendly staff too. I highly recommend.
5	A hidden gem fo' sho'! \n\nI had the Shrimp Po' Boy (tempura shrimp, southern slaw, romaine, tomato & creole aioli, $8) but all the sandwiches sounded appealing. Definitely the best sandwich I've had in recent memory and that's saying a lot as I'm not a huge fan of sandwiches in general. \n\nI was torn between the sandwich I had and the porchetta sandwich (roasted poblano, pickled red onion, queso fresco, tomatillo, lime and jalepeno aioli). There was also a steak sandwich that seemed to be a popular choice.\n\nThe sandwich was HUGE but not too heavy thanks to the pillowy bun. I did find it filling but mostly because it was huge and because I scarfed that sucker down like Kobayashi in competition. The tempura coating on the shrimp was nice and crisp and the shrimp themselves not overcooked. The textures of the sandwich held up surprisingly well considering I got the sandwich to go - it did not become soggy during the 10 minute trip home.\n\nCan't wait to visit Sully's again to try some of the other sandwiches!
5	5 stars for the bun alone, it's perfect.\n\nThe skirt steak sandwich is awesome.
4	Amazing tofu sandwich with an asian twist. Would have wanted it slightly bigger for the price but overall a must try sandwich shop. Flavors were excellent.
5	Okay, yes. Perfection. Why aren't there more places like this? All a starving bitch wants once in a while is a well priced sandwich that isn't from Subway that you can eat in without feeling awkward or take out like a bandit and scarf down in the car, making humming sounds while chewing.\n\nMy stupidity here was that I read about this place back in January during the Polar Vortex Redux and super excited to try the place, I drove over, parked the car around the corner and whipped in to get the po boy which was the star of all the reviews, except it wasn't on the menu...wtf? \"There's no po boy,\" said the girl adamantly. I argued to no avail: \"IT'S IN ALL THE REVIEWS, ARE YOU SURE?\" she shrugged  and I ordered a sandwich, any sandwich, I don't fucking remember what was in it but it went in my mouth and eventually out the other end without fanfare. I ate in, with a bunch of Riverdale ageing saggy titted hipster types, drinking coffee while their dander had formed stucco patterns on the walls, I was suspicious something was wrong...THEN! When I left the place, bundling myself back up in my goddamn feather shedding parka that I've since burned, I looked to the east and saw the Sully's sandwich board two doors over and I  realized I WAS IN THE WRONG FUCKN SANDWICH SHOP. I was so mad that I filled myself up with another sandwich without my intent that I blocked the whole thing out of my mind and went home and watched a bunch of Netflix for 6 months.\n\nIt was like I banged some dumbass roadie instead of the rockstar.\n\nAnyway, I remembered yesterday while driving along Gerrard. Must try Sully's, the reminder app in my brain tweeted. Parked in front of the joint so I wouldn't get confused again and ordered the po' boy AND the fries and sat inside. Great service (so cute were the guys), sandwich is HUGE, the battered shrimp is succulent and the slaw inside is fresh and crunchy, the bun is fluffy and fresh with NO sesame seeds! (please all sandwich joints need to stop with sesame seed buns, those little seeds ruin everything)...the fries are skinny French frite type, very elegant. So happy it's warm out now because there is a patio.\n\nI will come back and try every sandwich except for the tofu one, because no.
5	Well, PizzaBOGO is absolutely the most bold thing that has happened to Pizza since deep dish pizza. May be there are other things that have happened that I am not aware off, because I have not been to San Fransisco!! \n\nPizzaBOGO is locally owned pizza place in Cleveland or NE Ohio area. All of their meat is halal or kosher so that is a plus when you are ordering food for someone with religious restrictions. They have classic pizza and many different varieties. I have tried almost all of their sauces and they are delicious. They have some kind of offer everyday that makes this place desirable and economical for college students or people who feel like not cooking regularly. I have had many of my friends hooked on to this place after introduced only once. \n\nTheir customer service and wait time is right on. I have never had to wait too long for a pizza ever. Food quality has been consistent at all locations in Cleveland. A must visit place if you are hungry for pizza.
5	OMG! Living in Lakewood we have no shortage of quality pizza choices.  I like a full bodied sauce, a little spicy kick with generous sausage or pepperoni.  Generous but not over the top.  You know it when you see it.  Add mushrooms and the perfect combination is pure heaven!\n\nAnd I think I found Heaven!\n\nIf you get what I am saying and it clicks with you.....this is the place to go!
4	This isn't where you go when you want a plain pepperoni.  If you're in the mood for regular pizza, hit up your favorite chain.  But when you're in the mood for something different, check out the World specialty pizzas.  I think I have tried them all now and there wasn't a single one that wasn't good.  The Tuscan and the Milano are a couple of my personal favorites.  Almost invariably when I tell someone about it, I get a story about their favorite pizza place and why it's the best and why they only order from blah blah blah.  Then I make them try a BOGO pizza and they are instantly won over, and I get the \"damn, that's good!\" look that can only be properly delivered while your mouth is completely full of something delicious.  However, the World pizzas are a little pricy.  Your best bet is to get picked up on Tuesday or Wednesday to take advantage of the buy-one-get-one-half-off deal which nets you two World pizzas for $15.
4	I love this place. We have never had a bad pizza here. Like it says 2 for 1. Ingredients always fresh and choices excellent , they are always running specials. We eat the at least 3 times a month.   I recommend getting on their text message alerts to get the weekly specials right to your phone.
5	Pizza Bogo in Lakewood offers the best customer service hand down. Always extremely helpful and so knowledgeable about the product. The prices are really reasonable especially the twisty bread for $1! Wonderful and interesting options!
1	Took an hour and 20 minutes to get a cold disgusting pizza... They used to be so good...
5	I come here every week... love it! It's just like every other Chipotle... only thing bad about this location is that their patio is rather small, I felt crammed.
2	Stale chips,  phoned ahead was not ready,  only had 2 people on the line.  Why are they so slow . Because  they need more people. Working. Bad management
1	Possibly not the cleanest place. I was violently ill after eating here, and I found out days after that a friend found a \"worm\" in her chicken bowl, i'm not sure how that happens, possibly in the lettuce?  but I would be careful.
5	It's Chipotle. I don't need to tell you about that.\n\nCan't speak to the past, but for the past 6 months this place has been fast, clean and did I mention fast? They've got a good team over there right now and I have yet to be skimped on anything. Good location as of 9/2014.
1	I have a soft spot for Bodega but honestly, I had the worst entree there last week. It was supposed to be Risotto, and I feel responsible 1. for ordering it - what was I thinking?  2. for not sending it back - we were with guests; we were in a hurry; I second guessed myself - 'maybe it's just me' . \nThe risotto was white  rice combined with halved plum tomatoes and sundried tomatoes sitting on top of a runny, pungent olive brine sauce.   I've never seen a risotto like this. For starters it wasn't an arborio-style rice, and as far as I could tell it hadn't been cooked in the stock.  It was as if the cook had no idea what risotto was.    No idea!  It was horrible.  Sorry Bodega. I should have sent it back and saved you the bad review . . . but how is it that you ever let it out of the kitchen?  In the past, I've had a lunch meal that was as good as this one was bad.  Two different cooks?
1	This place is a dump. The room smelled. The food was limp and burned. Never again. Stay away.
2	Went to Bodega last week for brunch and thought it was average at best.  For a pricey downtown bistro, the service here is lagging behind its competitors. One person in our group had to send his food back because it was cold. That's fine, mistakes happen, but the waiter acted like he would rather be at the dentist's office than tending to our table. Hopefully he was just having a rough morning but it was off-putting all the same, especially considering what we paid for our meal. I ordered Eggs Benny which wasn't bad but also nothing to write home about. If you're looking for Eggs Benny that will truly knock your socks off, stop by Carens in Yorkville or Amore in midtown.
4	Came here -first time - for dinner to try the summerlicious 2017 menu. The restaurant has a nice patio and is located in an interesting area of town. Inside it is a bit dark and the room is split into two. We were on the left side next to the bar. Food was excellent and nicely presented:\n-warm calamari w/ sundried tomatoes and olives-cooked perfectly that one of my guests was wondering what they did to have the calamari that soft\n-wellington county beef, yukon gold frites, shallot butter-I had my meat cooked rare as I wanted  (not medium rare or medium when I asked for rare!) but it was not as tender I thought it would be. Still it tasted great. I did not notice the shallot butter. Mine had onion compote/caramelised onion? instead\n-raspberry creme brulee-which was ok and I was very distracted by my guest's chocolate & espresso brownie!\n\nMy guests ordered the bouillabaisse and grilled chicken supreme which they commented were excellent.\n\nService was fast, the free bread really good,warm and fluffy and the meal was complemented by a nice glass of Malbec. Overall nice food and I look forward to coming back even to try the regular menu.
5	This is really a hidden gem. Best date place!\n\nI left my ring on the bathroom counter and only realized two hours later. I called, expecting to hear the usual \"no we haven't seen it, sorry\", but boy was I wrong! A lovely lady named Robin put me on hold while she went and checked if it was still there! Are we in Toronto? And to my relief, she said that she found it! Unbelievable. I am so impressed by the integrity and class of Bodega's patrons and staff. \n\n1. Very cozy and romantic atmosphere. Classy crowd and lovely music. Great ambiance. \n\n2. Great service. Our waiter was a very nice and charming fellow, I think that he may be one of the owners. He took our order quickly and we didn't have to wait long for our drinks and courses. \n\n3. Winterlicious menu was fabulous. We got the crab cakes, lamb, salmon, mousse, and blueberry bread pudding. Everything was delicious and Presentation was beautiful. The only thing that wasn't very impressive was the goat cheese salad...it was a little small and I couldn't taste the raspberry vinaigrette. The goat cheese was splendid though. My date loved the blueberry pudding dessert. Upon trying a bit of it (it was originally mine) he immediately traded with me. I was really full so I didn't mind, the mousse was light and perfect.\n\n4. The portions are proportionate! I was full by dessert! \n\n5. The wine was lovely. We had the merlot and the Pinot grigio I think.
2	I went to Bodega today for the first time. We were supposed to be eating Brunch, but the person who accepted the booking didn't inform the lady who made the booking that there would be no brunch because of Winterlicious, despite being asked to confirm that a brunch menu would be available.\n\nLuckily, their Winterlicious menu looked good. I ordered the Beet Salad, the Grilled Salmon & the Banana Cake.\n\nThe Beet salad was very good & the seasoning was perfect.\n\nThe Grilled salmon was nice, but there was very little sauce and a lot of lentils, which made it an average dish. (I tried the beef that my partner had ordered and it was pretty good.)\n\nThe Banana cake with Toffee sauce was ok. It was too sweet and rich for my liking.\n\nThe portions were good & overall the food was a 3.5 stars.\n\nThe reason I am giving it 2 stars is that the service wasn't great. It took the staff about 20 minutes to take our order. We were the first people in the restaurant and were a large group. At the time we were seated there was nobody else in there.\n\nI had to leave early for a play and so went to our server and asked her to give me a bill for my portion. She told me it wasn't easy to get my bill because it was a group and that's how the software worked and that it would take her a couple of minutes to print it out. Nearly 10 minutes later, I was still standing there, waiting for her to get my bill while she passed by me several times and went to other tables.\n\nI realise that the place was busy, but 10 minutes to get the bill for someone who has told them that they have to catch a play, is just ridiculous. There was also no apology and finally someone from our group volunteered to pay my bill and asked me to pay her back later. \n\nI will definitely avoid Bodega. While the food is not bad, the service clearly needs improvement.
2	Went here for the happy hour specials. There were maybe 4 people in the entire place yet we waited 20 mins for a server to take our drink order. He may or may not have been stoned or drunk. Very inattentive- he walked away as we tried to order food.\nThe food arrived and the portions were VERY small. One bite crab cakes for $8 and a crostini drizzled in balsamic for $7.
5	Never a bad experience.  This place is my boyfriend's fav restaurant in this city and I see why.  My favourite part of their set up is the wine pairings that go with your different courses.  Please go here!  It is great!
5	My boyfriend and I went the first time for winterlicious, and although we had to wait quite a while for our table to be ready (even with a reservation), the food and service was so good that we forgave all. He still remembers the duck confit with garbanzo beans and craves it on a regular basis, I remember my creme brulee -- yum.\nIt also has a nice clean, romantic atmosphere, great for a date. The wine list is good, and their brunch (steak and eggs) is to die for. I could go here again, and again, and again.
5	We came here as part of Winterlicious, and it was one of the best meals i've had in Toronto. \n\nFirst, the atmosphere was absolutely wonderful, we sat very close to the live fire place, in a cozy, warm and french environment. The soup of the day was wonderful especially with the great nutty fresh bread that Bodega served it with. For my main I had the duck confit with white beans and sausage that was delightful (i'm not even a fan of sausage). My date had the Beef Bourguignon that stuffed him well but was also delicious. Bodega did a great job of pairing our meals with nice wines as well. The dessert was probably the weakest link, in the form of a fairly standard chocolate mousse but it was good. \n\nOverall between the atmosphere, the friendly service and the great food it was a great Winterlicious experience and a place I'm surely to frequent a lot.
2	I love the location and the staff and the menu and the patio. But all the food was ho hum. Nothing terrible, but all of it was lacklustre. We tried scallops, poutine, beet salad and crab cakes.  Meh. It felt as if a line cook from TGI Friday was subbing in and doing a decent job of getting food out in time.
4	Came with my group on the weekend for Winterlicious Lunch . The service  experience was excellent..  We  tried a bit of each others dishes .Now for an evaluation of the dishes ordered:\n\nSTARTERS\n\nSweet & Bitter Greens: Hearty salad with a healthy variety of greens and vinaigrette.\n\nRabbit & Pistachio Terrine:  Everything blended perfectly in this dish . Enjoyed it and you should too.  My only concern was that the crostini could have  been just a little softer   as it is easier to chew, and handle on the plate with cutlery. Otherwise a perfect start to the meal.\n\nMAINS\n\nchicken breast 'coq au vin': This dish  while presented well  but was a bit too dry . Considering it is supposed to be braised in wine, there was not much of a wine taste in it.  Do not order it \n\nduck confit & succotash: The duck  has a crispy skin, and very soft meat . The succotash  complemented the duck well . Order this  and enjoy it \n\nDESSERT\n\nbanana bread pudding :   Was decent. Banana flavour could have been a bit  stronger  considering it is a banana bread pudding. More r\u00e8me anglaise & toffee sauce should be added so the pudding can be eaten easier.\n\nberry cobbler:  Well presented and  tasted nicely . Was a bit difficult to work with when trying to scoop a piece to eat. Dont order it  \n\nI recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try. I would have loved to try the dinner but I like to try new things  and for a return trip the quality of some of the dishes needs to  improve .
5	I took my wife there for a special evening. I have to admit I was a bit nervous about the French menu. We usually prefer experimenting, and the idea of an evening of traditional (read: stuffy) French cuisine had me wondering.\n\nI shouldn't have worried. My wife had a wonderful pairing menu, and I opted to pick and choose from the main menu.\n\nEverything food wise was wonderful. The flat iron steak was out of this world, done exactly as I had requested it.\n\nThe wine selection was superb, and I even managed to find a Chilean wine I had 5 years ago and forgot. The manager brought out the bottle for me to confirm the vintage after I told him the story with no coaxing from me.\n\nThe staff was polite, happy and attentive. We were served by three people over the course of a 3 hour evening, all them in great spirits and knowledgeable of the menu and cellar.\n\nThe atmosphere was wonderful. The front room is small, seating about 35 people in th living room of an old Toronto estate house. The conversation was alway audible if you listened, but easy to tune out with your own. Laughter carries across the room.\n\nWe will be going back.
2	Came here with a party of 4 on a Friday evening around 8:30pm hoping for a quick meal after visiting someone at Mount Sinai. We chose here mainly because it looked somewhat busy and they have a nice-sized patio. I was a bit discouraged seeing the low rating on Yelp, but thought we would give it a try anyways. To begin, the waiter tried to be helpful but couldn't really answer some of our questions about the menu. After we ordered it took at least 30-45 min to get our food, and the food itself was very mediocre and very overpriced. $22 for a simple Cobb salad with sparse ingredients is ridiculous, though the chicken was well-cooked. We also ordered the calamari appetizer which was rubbery and didn't taste fresh. The best part of the meal was the side of fries, as they were crispy and decadent. There was a loud wedding inside the restaurant, and many of the guests were hanging around outside, blocking the doorway that the staff use to bring out food from the kitchen, shouting and swearing. Overall, definitely wouldn't go back. There are much better places in Baldwin Village (Kinton probably being the best, but a better choice when it's cold outside).
2	What a horrible experience! We are SO disappointed. I have no complaints about the food as it was above average but the service was the WORST I've seen.\n\nThe first impression was great: cute neighbourhood, convenient location (we walked from Kensington Market), cozy setting. \n\nUpon entering the restaurant, our waiter lead us to our table. A few minutes later when he came back to hand out our menus, he did not introduce himself as our waiter nor welcome us to the restaurant. He actually did not even SAY A WORD to us until our full party arrived 20 minutes later and he came to take our order. Again, no introductions nor welcoming us nor explaining the menu... he was simply taking our order. He was dressed differently than the other waiters so we wonder if he is the manager. There was another server who gave us our bread and he was friendly and smiling.\n\nWe are a party of 6 and we ordered from the Winterlicious menu on Sunday. We were told the duck confit was sold out, but it was nice that they had a streak frites substitution. Our reservation was for 1:00pm and the waiter took our order at around 1:20pm but by 2:30pm, our entrees have not arrived yet. We had to flag down our waiter and ask why our food was taking so long. He explained that there was a large group who ordered before us and the kitchen was taking care of their orders. That's bull... we watched other tables who arrived AFTER us who got their entrees BEFORE us. They even got duck confit!!! I understand the kitchen can get busy but our best guess is they forgot our order.\n\nOnce our food finally arrived, it was around 2:45pm, more than an hour after our order was taken. The steak came out too charred but the trout was flaky and yummy. Our waiter finally talked to us again and asked if everything was fine... but this was AFTER we had finished the food on our plates. After another wait for our dessert, we FINALLY finished our meal at 3:30pm. \n\nWhen the bill came, there was a mandatory charge of 20% tips (because of our party of 6). This was absolutely fine IF service was better but we were forced to pay that amount for bad service. I do not recommend Bodega to ANYONE after we were treated SO poorly.
5	I went here for brunch before going to the AGO. It was a Sunday around 11:30 and the restaurant was empty! The waitress was extremely nice. The food was amazing. I had the goat cheese salad. It was creamy and delicious. We followed that with crab cakes (which are full of crab - they aren't too bready) and pan seared scallops. The scallops were to die for. So good! All-in-all it was a great meal.
5	Came here for Summerlicious, and it was the best experience I've ever had! So good I had to come twice to try out the other items on the menu. For the appetizer I tried both the blue crab cakes and the salad--both delicious but the crab cakes are absolutely amazing. Piping hot with crunchy crusts, it was delicious served with the tomato salsa on the side. For the entrees I had the duck the first time and the lamb chops the second time. The meat on both were tender and succulent and cooked to perfection. Portion sizes were very decent and the side vegetables pair very well with both dishes. Finally for dessert I tried the triple chocolate mousse and creme brulee. The mousse was thick and rich and delicious. Only complaint I had was that the custard of the creme brulee was very thin, as if it was a heavy cream instead of a custard. All in all the food was superb, and the service was top notch!
1	It's a worth mentioning that this review is solely based on my Winterlicious experience and may or may not reflect the quality of their regular food/service.\n\nThe atmosphere is good. You sense that this establishment has history in this space. Dimly light, warm and cozy vibes with signature white table cloths and rustic chandeliers. The stage is set and seems like it's going to be a refine meal with impeccable service. However, the truth is quite far from what they appear to be.\n\nWhilst the service was adequate I wouldn't necessarily compliment it. There's the usual \"hello, how are you? Can I take your order?\" and.... that's where it ends. There was no offer to refill our beverages even though we had emptied them before we were on to our main. No concerns regarding how our meal was. No small talk/chit-chat/jokes....not even a smile. And last but not least...no goodbyes or thank yous. No, it wasn't busy like a flea market, it was just a casual Wednesday evening. That in there sums up the experience. Perhaps, and I hope this is just restricted to Winterlicious.\n\nOn to the food. It was forgettable at best and some of it was not great. Beef cheek was overcooked/over-charred. My fish was well-well-done. In fact, that is probably the theme of the meal \"well-well done\". Seafood -- well-well done. The only saving grace might have been the peach dessert and the creme brulee(but who messes this up anyways?).\n\nAll in all, a very forgettable experience not worthy of my time.
4	I like Bodega's. I have been several times for lunch. Food has always been good and the atmosphere is very conducive for lunch meetings. A quick hop from the discovery district.
4	After searching for a good French restaurant we made a reservation at Bodega for lunch.  \nDelicious food, nice and polite waiters, and pleasant atmosphere. The next time we will go back there for brunch.
2	A group of us came to bodega for lunch during work. The restaurant was about 30% full so we got seated right away - and then it all went downhill.\n\nWe got $23 prix fixe which is a good deal considering the mains range from about $15-$25. I ordered:\n\n- roasted beet salad\n- beef bourguignon\n- warm banana cake with toffee sauce. \n\nMy workmates ordered the calamari salad, the salmon, cassoulet, and creme brulee.\n\nFirstly the food is just.. meh. I have never had such unexciting french food. It all was lack luster, required some salt and just a little bit more care. The beef bourguignon was good but I could have made it at home. It needed more wine to add depth. \n\nI tried my friends cassoulet  - just awful. The dessert was good but not great. \n\nI could overlook the bland food if the service was good - however we were there for 2 hours!! It took forever and considering the restaurant wasn't busy and we ordered off of the prix fixe menu it makes no sense. \n\nOverall the food here can be made by any average home cook, and you won't have to spend two hours sitting hoping your meal will eventually come.
4	The best option in that Baldwin block for good food. Came today for the last day of Winterlicious, and it was delicious, really excellent value for money! \n\nFor starters, I had Moules Marini\u00e8re which were flavorful and the mussels were nicely cooked. My friend had roasted bell pepper soup which was really excellent from what I heard.\n\nFor the main I had the Cassoulet with Duck Confit, the white beans served with it was perfectly cooked to my liking, not hard and not mushy so it retained texture, it was soft but not falling apart if that makes any sense, the bacon and sausage in the beans gives the beans a nice flavor The duck confit was nicely done, it was falling off the bone tender yet not dry, it was just a bit too salty for my liking. My friend had the Grilled Atlantic Cod and the cod was nicely cooked with a great crust. The portion sizes for the duck and cod were generous yet, another friend had ravioli (not a winterlicious item) and he got maybe 6 raviolis which I heard was \"not very good\". 6 raviolis for $17 is not that great.\n\nFor dessert, I had Duo of Raspberry and Orange Sorbet, which was average, nothing to write home about, might be a bit tooo sweet and it was a bit melted when it arrived.\n\nOverall the restaurant generally serves good food for the price range it is being judged at. The service is always pretty good, service is prompt and non-intrusive. This restaurant is 5 starts for Winterlicious because the value to quality ratio is very high, under normal circumstances, it is a 4 since some of the items I had tried before were just ok for this price range. It is definitely the best option on Baldwin if you want to have a nice meal though.
5	We went to Bodega for Valentines Day and it was fabulous.  We had a reservation, however they were completely swamped and behind on seating guests, but to be expected ona busy night like Valentines Day.  The staff were apologetic and offered everyone free sparkling wine until the tables were ready, a very thoughtful touch.\nWe had the froie gras and grilled quail for appetizers, and the lamp shank and veal chop for mains.  Everything was fantastic and thoroughly delicious.  The food was warm, presented nicely and the taste was amazing.  We had warm maple pudding and flourless chocolate cake for dessert, and the chocolate cake was incredible.  I have no idea how they made it, but it was just amazing.  The maple pudding was fantastic as well, but its hard to compete with this chocolate cake.  The wine list was quite extensive for bottles, but I would have like to have seen more options for glasses or half liters.  \nAll in all Bodega is a high-quality restaurant that will satisfy foodies, but still remains reasonably priced.  Very highly recommended!
4	This place looked pretty nondescript on the outside as far as restaurants are concerned and it probably wouldn't have stood out as a nice place to eat to some random passerby. I strolled in on a Saturday afternoon hoping for the $20 prix fixe lunch, but apparently they only serve that on weekdays. Instead, I ordered the French toast off their brunch menu. It came loaded with berries, banana slices, whipped cream, and maple syrup - yummy! The portion size and flavour were fantastic for the price.\n\nFor those with allergies, their menu has a warning that they use peanut oil for a lot of recipes, so make sure to ask ahead.\n\nThe place was absolutely dead that afternoon and I chatted it up for quite a bit with the Bobby the super nice waiter. I promised him I'd come back for lunch in a few days but unfortunately I was too broke by then. :( Ah well, if I ever roll back in town!
4	I organized a girls lunch for a warm Saturday afternoon.  Bodega was not our first choice - none of us had been there. We were actually scheduled to go to One in Yorkville. \nAfter re-evaluating menu's and reviews, we decided to go with Bodega. I cannot stress what a perfect choice Bodega was.\n\nFrom the moment we walked the restaurant row of Baldwin Village, to the steps of Bodega, it was bliss. The patio seating for our group was perfect.  We were seated in a corner of the patio with greenery for privacy. The service from the get go was neutral. It wasn't overly friendly but it was not bad. Throughout the lunch I suppose the waitress warmed up to us. \n\nThe waitress was very patient with the 5 of us, through our orders. The food was brought up in unison, which is always amazing. Each course was well portioned, and delicious. I had gone for the mussels to start - about 8 mussels.  Very tasty sauce, and clean mussels. My main was the trout, which was crusted and beautifully presented. My dessert was the fresh strawberries and vanilla ice cream. Overall it was an absolute value for 3 courses PLUS a mimosa for $23.00. We kept ordering drinks and chatting well after lunch, embarrassingly it went on for about 8 hours...in turn it became dinner time! (We walked over to Chinatown for that!).  We were never asked to move, never felt hurried to leave, even though many walk-in's were seen entering the patio area. Did I mention after she brought the bill as one total, she quickly acted on breaking up the bill upon request?  \n\nOverall, it was the perfect choice as stated before. Food 4 stars, service 4 stars. And it was not that the food or service was that outstanding. It was not innovative food, it was not cutting edge modern fusion.  This is a traditional French Cuisine restaurant. It was the simplicity of the fresh food and amicable service that worked together.
4	Dining Experience: Birthday Celebration. Who's? MINE :) \nVenue: Bodega\nSpecialty: French\nMenu items:  French Onion Soup Gratinee and Pan Seared Scallops with Prawn Ravioli.\nWine Pairing: Italian Pinot Grigio \n\nFrench cuisine is amongst the most celebrated types of cuisines in the world. Is delicate, yet rich; buttery, yet balanced and it does not make you fat. Ok, the last statement is probably not 100% true, but according to best selling author, Mireille Guiliano, French women don't get fat!   And that my foodies, its true.  Because its all about food portion control, and a place like Bodega with the decent size portions validates this.\n\nBodega is a restaurant located in the famous Baldwin street, which really consists of an almost half a block strip stuffed with 10 or so restaurants.  I believe Baldwin to be a very unique street with tons of good variety.  If you are foodie, you will know about this street for sure.\n\nI started my lovely French meal with a staple, French onion soup.  \nThe soup's recipes, to my knowledge, is one of the easiest to make. Getting the ingredients to balance in one's palette, is a whole other thing.  This soup was perfection - not too salty, not too oily and with the right balance of onions.  I was very happy my meal had a great start.\n\nNext, I had the Ravioli appetizer as a main. One of the neat things about Bodega is that you can turn any appetizer into a entree, so I did.\nThe ravioli was extremely fresh and was stuffed with the prawns. The scallops where hanging around next to them and drizzled with a lovely Saffron cream sauce.  If I can add, I am a saffron fan and if I find this ingredient in any restaurant menu, I am most likely to order that dish...just because of the saffron, yum! Any who, the ravioli was topped with crispy onions which gave it a nice touch and balanced the creaminess of the sauce to give it a crunchy texture.  I would highly recommend this dish.\n\nI would give this restaurant a 4/5.  To get to the 5, I would recommend adding some more French staples to the menu and improving the duck meat quality.
4	Hands-down, the best Summerlicious experience I've had, in four years of Licious-ing. Really, it's 4.5 stars. (When oh when are Yelp going to allow us to give half stars?!)\n\nCame here for a weekday lunch after being told to get lost by harried staff at Midi Bistro around the corner (more on that in my next review). Bodega's patio is simply beautiful: large, shady, looking onto the sweet Baldwin St cafe strip and all of its action on one side, and the gorgeous old vine-covered red brick Victorian on the other. Comfy banquettes with a back just high enough to drape your arm comfortably over. Honestly, patios don't come much better than this. Plus, there's proper silverware, napery and glassware.\n\nWe were seated and attended to straight away by our lovely server, a guy with a lilting West Indian accent, who was friendly but not intrusive, and totally attentive throughout, despite the busy lunch period--no waving the bill down here. Clearly, someone at Bodega knows that hiring enough staff (and good staff) is crucial to keeping customers happy, a very basic hospitality lesson that you would think more restaurateurs and pub owners would have grasped by now... amirite?\n\nThe Summerlicious lunch prix fixe is $20 and features a few tasty-looking options. I had a chilled filet of sole mousse with a red pepper sauce; confit of duck with sweet potato, bacon and rosemary hash and green beans; and orange creme brulee. My date had the soup du jour (a chilled cucumber puree); the grilled steelhead trout with israeli couscous; and warm berries with vanilla ice cream.\n\nThe food was a little inconsistent, but generally very good. The standout dishes were my duck confit and his berries and ice cream. I was worried about ordering duck confit and sweet potatoes on such a hot day (30+C), but it was a nice small portion and it was really delicious--rich, moist, crispy-skinned. The sweet potatoes were fantastic--the bacony-oniony sauce they came in made them incredibly more-ish. His trout was a little overcooked, but the couscous was studded with raisins and pine nuts for interest, and pretty yum. My chilled sole mousse was a little blah, but he wolfed down his chilled cucumber soup, which was light, minty, and very refreshing. My creme brulee was beautifully executed: it had a lovely brittle crunchy top which was super-fun to crack with my spoon, and a nice delicate orange flavour. His dessert was outstanding: I don't know what they did to those berries--or maybe they are just perfectly in season right now--but they were the berriest-tasting berries I've ever eaten! A nice mix of strawberries, blackberries, and blueberries. Yummmmm.\n\nAgain, though, the things that really made it for me were the gorgeous surroundings, and the superlative service. Last night I was at The Rhino in Parkdale, where I waited literally forty-five minutes--no exaggeration--to get a lukewarm pint of beer. Here, I had a glass of beautifully chilled, crisp prosecco in my hand within eight minutes of sitting down. LOVE. IT.\n\nBodega is one of the (sadly very few) restos that know how to do Summerlicious right: don't cheap out, hire enough staff to cover the busy times, and make sure the food is impressive and done with care, not prefabricated crap that you're cranking out and trying to pass off as something fancy. I would definitely say that I've had more bad experiences than good during Summerlicious and if anything it has been most useful in weeding out the places I definitely won't go again. This, however, is not one of them. Well-played, Bodega!
1	First things first: service is terrible here. My brother and mother took me here for my birthday last night and we ordered from the Winterlicious menu. \n\nThe waiters are cold. One offered to level out our table and our orders were taken fast. However, the food took a while to arrive. I had the blue crab cakes (it was delicious), the baked chicken (ok- I can get much better chicken at Ruth's Chris and really should've gone there) and for dessert, the mango pudding and vanilla ice cream. Portion sizes were good and I must admit that I was mighty full after the meal.\n\nOverall, I'd give the food a 4/5. HOWEVER, any tastiness in the food was overshadowed by the terrible service. My brother, mother and I finished our appetizers and main courses and we literally sat there for 10 minutes after each course with our empty dishes left in front of us. This is even though at least two waiters walked by and saw the empty dishes. \n\nOur water was refilled once (refilling being the mark of great service) and only because my brother asked the waiter for it. NO ONE came to ask how the food was- NOT EVEN ONCE. When it came time to pay, we were charged for 4 Winterlicious patrons when there were clearly only 3 of us and when my brother pointed this out, there was not even an apology.\n\nI've patronized many restaurants that partake in the Winterlicious event over the years and this is the first time that I've had a bad experience and on my birthday no less. It's pretty idiotic of them as if i were a restaurant, I'd use the Winterlicious event to market to potential customers. Way to leave a bad impression on potential customers. Never returning to this place and taking my business and network of friends and colleagues elsewhere.
5	Outstanding.\n\nThe seared scallop and shrimp ravioli appetizer is pretty phenomenal.  The lamb shank entree is delicious.
2	For a fine dining establishment, it didn't measure up to my expectations. French onion soup had stiff cheese, not melted enough. I enjoy rare steak but their steak was too tough. I had to leave some not-so-pretty chewed up bits on the plate. And the service was sub par; they forgot who's plate is who, plus they weren't very attentive to when we finished or bothered to ask if we were. I can see how the decor makes it good for romantic evenings, but I wouldn't make this a prospective date place since I'm disappointed with the food.
2	I went yesterday with a group of professionals after I selected this establishment. I had high hopes for this restaurant. Sadly I was disappointed. \n\nLocation: At one end of Keningston Market, this place is easy to find and features outdoor setting. It's a great part of the city in my opinion with tons of eclectic buildings and people all around. So a pro just difficult to reach if you are driving!\n\nThe Interior: It's pretty however, very tight. If I stretched out my arm I could touch the bar and that wasn't very pleasant especially whenever a server passed by with drinks since they splashed all over one of my fellow diners.\n\nThe Food: Lackluster. The only good thing was the crab cake filling. The exterior was over fried and oily, the tomato provencale was tasted too make of oil, the aioli was subpar. I ordered the grilled salmon which was overcooked and the saffron rice was covered in an oily dressing which was unpleasant. Those who had the duck confit told me it was dry as was the rack of lamb. Dessert was a disaster of creme brulee custard cooked to scrambled eggs, bread pudding as hard as rock and chocolate cake that refused to slice! \n\nThe Service: If you are a server and you really hate your job I don't know what to tell you besides don't take it out on your customers. We were ignored for 30 minutes regardless of us requesting to be serviced. We would make eye contact or beckon to our waitress who promptly made a face and turned around and walked away. I was perched by the end of the night only receiving a water refill once that night and the glass was small!  Waiting for the food was ridiculous. To get an appetizer: 30 minutes, a main: 45 minutes, dessert: 30 minutes. How the dining experience went on so long is based solely on poor service and bad food. \n\nI would not recommend this restaurant unless you are famished and you don't want to wait a long line up for ice cream instead. And even then I would avoid.
5	WOW! That's all I have to say about this little gem of a place! A couple friends and I went here a few days ago and had an incredible time! This place was hopping with Christmas parties all around and the service still was amazing! The servers were all so attentive, despite being busy with all the other people in the place. The food was great. So well portioned and the taste was to die for! Such a great atmosphere, friendly service and great food. I will definitely be returning here and I highly recommend you give this place a try! :)
4	Tried this place on Winterlicious. Fair price for its environment, location and food quality. I did not particular like the salad but the rabbit leg turned out to be good.
4	Me and my companion went to Bodega for their Winterlicious 2014 Prix Fixe Dinner. Having a relatively forgettable experience at another restaurant for Winterlicious 2012, we skipped out on 2013 and hoped to turn things around for this year. Bodega ended up providing a fine experience overall with mostly good food, but a few problems here and there.\n\nThe decor of the restaurant was elegant - dim lights, white linens and all. The staff was courteous and did not make us feel the least bit out of place inside. The noise level was moderate, not intimate - as a large party was in the other room.\n\nI ordered the Warm Goat Cheese Salad as an appetizer, Slow Roasted Beef Short Ribs for the main and the Almond Pear Tart for dessert. My partner had the French Onion Soup for an appetizer, the Grilled Fillet of Atlantic Salmon for a main and the Bread Pudding for dessert.\n\nAs a whole, one of the biggest issues I had during my experience with Winterlicious 2012 was the portion sizes being much too small - an app the size of an amuse, the main the size of an app, et cetera. At Bodega, I found the portion sizes much more appropriate for a dinner, leaving me full but not bloated. \n\nThe complimentary bread was warm, hearty and had a nice crusty exterior. I ate it without the butter provided and was quite happy with how it was made - likely baked the same day (though I'm not sure if it was baked in-house or bought from a local bakery).\n\nI love cheese. Just having the warm goat cheese salad in the menu was a slam dunk in pleasing me. The salad came with a few raspberries which visually popped and provided a nice sweetness and freshness to counterbalance the richness of the cheese and tartness of the vinaigrette. There were mixed microgreens, sprouts and a large slice of just-to-the-point-of-almost-melting goat cheese on top of it all. The salad was delicious but was just slightly imbalanced for my taste.\n\nThere were maybe three or four berries for the whole salad, causing me to portion them to ensure I had some of it in every bite. On the other side of the equation was the slice of goat cheese: it was quite large - I had a full quarter of the cheese leftover after I finished all the greens.There were also bacon bits, but they tasted quite ordinary and felt as though they were added to make the dish more familiar to people who don't eat fine dining. I finished it all, and it was ultimately a delicious plate of food that could've been a bit more polished.\n\nI tried a bit of the french onion soup and it probably just wasn't my cup of tea. The onion was strong and the melted cheese was strong, but the soup itself was very thin which felt strange to my palette. Perhaps with a slice of baguette to sponge up the soup or additional textural components and my opinion of it would be better.\n\nMy main was absolutely delicious - the jus was flavorful and plentiful. The meat was completely tender and well portioned - not to the point of belonging to a steakhouse or smokehouse but large enough for a proper meal. It came with some great vegetables with a nice balanced mix of tartness and sweetness and varying textures. The garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special, but nothing bad - loads of butter and a great creaminess and acted as a fine canvas to the other ingredients. Texturally engaging, flavorfully complex and well portioned, this main was divine.There were a few tiny bones throughout the meat, due to the nature of the cut of meat, but wasn't a particularly troubling issue for me.\n\nThe Almond Pear tart was served with a sabayon. The crust was thin but had a good snap to it. The portions of the tart with a bit of pear, almond and sabayon were a truly euphoric experience - something I would look forward to from the start of any meal. Unfortunately, those great bites were matched with equally dry and uninteresting bites of just almond and crust - with just a few slices of pear baked in and a paltry amount of sabayon served. If they were a bit more heavy handed with the sauce, things would have been perfect in my opinion, but the bites that chewed dry took away from the dessert as a whole. \n\nOverall, it was a memorable night with an experience that I don't get to have very often with my price range and personal preferences. Some moments of the night really were spectacular whilst others were slightly disappointing. The food was delicious but lacked a bit of balance - especially in the salad and dessert. I may be a bit nit-picky in the review, but as the price of a meal goes up, so does my expectations of it. It's a great experience to have once in a while, but I can't see myself financially or preferentially doing this too often.\n\n3.5 / 5, closer to a 4 than a 3.
4	Bodega is a cute restaurant in Baldwin village.  We visited on a Monday night so there was no wait for a table.  The servers were polite and attentive.  The menu, although small, caters to varied tastes.  I had the mushroom risotto and was really impressed with how creamy it was.  The calamari appetizer tasted lovely and wasn't too oily.  Overall, I would recommend this restaurant if you happen to be in the area.
1	Went there for dinner today with my boyfriend after reading all the great reviews. I don't think I'll be going there again. The server was cold and impolite. After pouring my drink, I said thank you and he didn't even bother replying or smiling back or came by to ask how the food was. The food itself wasn't great either. Had the french onion soup. The cheese on top was too hard and soup too salty. Crab cake tastes really fishy and the interior is soggy. The steak in the steak frites was great though. Very tender and juicy, but the frites look and taste like those store bought frozen fries. We also had the vegetarian tower. It was okay, nothing special, we felt it's too greasy and lack in taste. I had creme brubee for dessert, it wasn't too sweet, so it paired with the sugar top perfectly, a good finishing touch to the dinner.
4	Location Location Location.... I love Baldwin Village... and what I love more is that there is never a lack of multicultural dining experiences... from Italian to Mexican, to Indian and to my favourite... French.\n\nI was introduced to Bodega by a friend after I was getting tired of the same restaurant options for date night. I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is very cozy.. almost like being in someone's dining room (it's in an old house).. The service was great and they had a prix fixe (roughly $30).. but not only that, they had a wine prix fixe... \n\nThe wine prix fixe essentially consisted of pairing a glass of wine with each meal. The only problem with this scenerio was that the next course would come before you could finish your wine = tipsy by the end of it!.\n\nI would recommend:\n\nStarters - Calamari Salad\nEntree- Flat Iron Steak and Frites (BEST Steak I have EVER had)\nDessert- Creme Brulee or Warm Banana Cake\n\nThis place is perfect for date night or for going with a small group of friends . ( I went with 5 people and we had a great table in a back corner by the fire place)\n\nBon Appetit!
4	We went in the dog-days immediately after New Year, and although quiet, the service and food were still of high quality.\nIt is exactly what you would expect from a good French Bistro. Good steak frites with excellent frites. Well executed salads and fine fish alternatives. Oh, and a lovely mushroom risotto, by the way.\nFull and reasonable wine list.
4	What started out as a torrential downpour Friday evening, it thankfully cleared up by 7pm just in time for our 8pm reservation.  In the heart of small Baldwin Village Bodega was a first time for all of us!  Dim, intimate, and classy Bodega is a hidden gem in this victorian style house.  The beautiful decor, crystal white table clothes, comfy seating, and ambience is the perfect setting for a beautiful evening.  Summerlicious menu had some great choices and here's my review!!\n\nescargot and sweetbreads 5/5\nfusilli, pommery mustard, brandy, tomato, and cream!!\nIve always wanted to try Escargot! and I'm glad I ordered it.  Perfect melody of flavors from the pommery mustard, cream, and brandy made this dish! and added some added flavor to the escargot! The fusilli was a nice addition to the dish, much like a mini pasta salad!\n\ngrilled alberta flat iron steak  4.5/5\nshallot butter and frites: Cooked to perfection....MEDIUM!.  Tender, and full of flavor! and as always a little butter goes a long way.  The homemade frites were so delish! a plate alone would have been yum....actually... an extra side order!\n\nstrawberry rhubarb tart with whipped cream 5/5\nWish I could have ordered a second serving!!! sort melt-in-your-mouth!....simply yum. \n\nThe service at first was a bit slow, but later on picked up his slack!! nonetheless a gem that I will definitely be visiting soon!
4	Came here for Summerlicious with 3 friends and we had a lovely evening. \n\nService 5/5 for the management staff. My friends and I had an 8:15 reservation (because that was the only one available) but wanted an earlier seating so we went around 6pm hoping we could wait for an earlier table but the restaurant was hosting a huge party that night and had very limited seating. The manager assured us he would do everything he could to get us seated sooner and sure enough, by 7:30 we had a beautiful spot on the patio.\n\nService 4/5 for our waitress. She was nice but not very attentive. One of my friends ordered the steak and fries and our waitress forgot to bring ketchup, even after my friend asked for it. We also had to constantly ask for our waters to be refilled. However the food came out at a really good pace and we had lots of time to eat and rest in between. \n\nFood 4/5: I started with the warm calamari which was tender and tasted great with the sun dried tomatoes, capers and lemon. For my main I had the bouillabaisse which was a small portion but the tomato broth was tasty. The scallops were a tad bit undercooked for my liking but very fresh. Salmon was the market fish and it was moist and flaky. For dessert i had the key lime which I didn't like that much. It wasn't tart enough for my liking. My friends started with the beet salad which was great although one of them didn't love the blue cheese. One of them also got the steak which was fine but nothing amazing. The fries however were really good, with a natural sweet taste. One of them also got the raspberry creme br?l\u00e9e which i liked better than the key lime. We also tried their raspberry lemonade and grape fruit elderflower fizz which were both perfect summer drinks! Light and refreshing, perfect for a hot day. \n\nAtmosphere 4/5: The patio is the perfect spot for a romantic date. It has lots of flowers, lights and comfortable seating. Inside was stark, plain and too hot as there was no c/a.
2	Looking at the menu and the physical space of the restaurant, my hubbys and I were excited to eat here. We were sorely disappointed in the mediocre food and uninterested service. My husband ordered off of the Summerliciious menu while I ordered off of the regular money:\n\n- To start off with, we never received any bread before our meal. Initially, we thought perhaps this a norm for THIS restaurant however during our entree course we saw another table munching on what looked like delicious, thick slices of hearty bread.\n- Our actual entrees (duck and fish) did not taste great especially when considering the price.\n- The waiter never bought me a dessert menu and showed up with a creme brulee that husband ordered at the beginning of our meal when ordering off the Summerlicious menu. The creme brulee was small but delicious but honestly creme brulee is hard to mess up.\n- One plus is that they offered a few tasty options for mocktails for those who don't drink alcohol.\nI would not come here again, waste of time, waste of money and better options in Toronto.
5	Great service, great food. Had escargot , grilled calamari and duck confit - shared all the meals (if I ordered the main, I probably wouldn't have been able to finish it). Atmosphere is cozy with eclectic decor and color you can sense this place has history. Desert - creme br?l\u00e9e and espresso. Desert was good, but comparable to other creme brulees I've had , as I am a fan of it.
4	Bodega is a great classy restaurant to take your significant other to, for a romantic date ;) Sadly, I didn't have a date and went with a couple of my girlfriends instead. BUT this sad story does have a happy ending as I tried this restaurant for the Summerlicious Event and it turned out to be an amazing dining experience for me. The food was cooked to absolute perfection to my liking. \nFor my complete trio lunch dining, I went with the Baked Goat Cheese Tart Nicoise, Duck Confit with Frites and a White Chocolate Mousse Cake. So here goes my narration.... The goat cheese tart was very unique in its texture as the tart was crispy/flakey and the cheese was very creamy. Definitely not what I expected but they tasted very good together. The duck confit was  juicy, flavorful and very tender - literally fall off the bone meat! It was all yums! Lastly with my desert, the chocolate mousse cake was excellent as it had the right amount of sweetness. It went well with the distinctive fruit flavoured coulis that were drizziled onto the cake (I think it was mango, raspberry... and I forgot the last one). But all and all, a great lunch experience as I was lucky to have a very attentive server. I left extremely satisfied.
4	Came here with friends for French food.\nDecent place, good service, food is pretty delicious\nPrice is pretty high, three people ~160$
1	The taste of the food may have been tainted by how utterly rude our waiter was. Greeted with a \"What do you want?\" we immediately regretted coming in. Anything we asked for, beverages, cutlery, we received no response from him and sometimes the request would be fufilled. Don't bother with Bodega.
2	Ho hum....I'm no fancy food expert.  I'm the type of person that would probably eat with my bare hands if I had to because well it's too fancy to use utensils....\n\nCame here for a staff christmas party two years ago.  Granted I'm no fancy food connoisseur by any means.  \n\nThey had a prix fix menu, I think I got some kind of fried scallop, main dish and creme bruele.\n\nI had steak and frites (that's fries for all you regular folk).  Steak was just ok, no HP sauce (see I told you I was food bumpkin!). \n\nFried scalop tasted like something lower end than red lobster, the breading was very oily.  The creme bruele was ok, had a nice crisp top.\n\nService was equally meh, our group wasn't that big maybe 15 people tops and I found the head waiter to be standoffish.  BTW, he wasn't the one I asked for HP sauce.\n\nGive me the keg anyday over this place for the price and value.
5	There food is really delicious. I come here for Winterlicious almost every year. No words to describe their food, you just really have to come and try it. A bit pricey, but this isn't a fast food shack anyways.
4	One of the few great restaurants in the downtown core that's opened on Sundays. Tucked away in a tiny strip of restaurants on Baldwin, Bodega is definitely a pleasant surprise. \n\nWe loved the cozy and quiet ambiance and it's a great date spot - it was relatively quiet on a rainy and Sunday night, and we're able to enjoy each other's company. The food was good at a very reasonable price, and the strawberry rhubarb tart was terrific. On top of that, service was top-notch - our waitresses were attentive and friendly, but also gave us some privacy at the right time. Definitely will recommend!
4	My friend booked a winterlicious lunch at this French restaurants for $23. There was 3 courses, Entree, Main Course and Dessert. For the Entree, we have a choice of soup of the day (creamy mushroom), Sweet and Bitter Green, Rabbit & Pistachio Terrine, and Escagot & Fussilli. I took the escagot, which was heavy due to the creamy rose sauce. In addition to the entree, I've ordered an extra French Onion Gratinee Soup for $10, which I wasn't too impress as I've tasted better but at least it kept me warm. For the main course, I've chose the Duck Confit & Cassoulet, which is a bowl with one duck leg. Loved the tenderness of the duck, but not a fan of the cassoulet. I've sampled my friend's Beef Bourguignon which tasted amazing. The other choices for the main course were the Grill Salmon and a Quiche Florentine. As for dessert, I've took the Chocolate Mousse over Creme Brulee and Pecan Tart. The mousse was soft like chocolate fudge. Overall I had a great experience.
5	My cousin had his engagement dinner here, so we had half the restaurant and bar to ourselves and much of the outside patio. \nI was really impressed. It was small and classy but it didn't feel try-hard or snobby at all. The bartenders were are really sweet and helpful. We all had a shot together at the end of the night! :)\n\nThe food was delicious!!!! Really nice place, I'd totally recommend it.
2	Went here with my boyfriend and best friend for her 20th birthday. First thing that I felt as we walked in, the servers didn't really take us seriously. Most of the patrons there looked a lot older than us(business folks). It took forever for our server to take our orders (even our drink orders) and the restaurant was relatively empty. \n\nWhen our food finally came, the portion sizes were on the smaller side. I was really shocked at the size of my boyfriend's steak though. It was minuscule! And to be honest, his plate didn't look good what so ever. Also, my paella was supposed to come with mussels but it came with chicken instead. Our server didn't inform me that they ran out of mussels when I ordered. \n\nThe ambiance is really nice though.
5	I was here for Valentine's day and the place was packed.  My boyfriend made a reservation at 8pm and there were still people coming in as we were leaving.  The restaurant was really nice, the decorate was beautiful.  The place was definitely fit for a romantic dinner.\nBesides the decor, the food was delicious too.  We started with the escargot appetizer which was really (I have never had it before).  For entree, we got the lamb and the eggplant with feta cheese tower.  The lamb was cooked to perfection and the eggplant and cheese was amazing too.\n\nOverall, I would definitely come back for a special night out.  Recommended.
4	I chose Bodega for my department's Christmas Lunch at work; we have a large party and couldn't find anywhere that could accommodate our group and had a menu that everyone would enjoy. After some searching, I stumbled upon Bodega and the choice was made.\n\nBodega is a house that's been remodeled to be a restaurant. There are two front rooms and we sat in the larger one with the bar in it. I think bathrooms are in the basement but I didn't venture down there so I couldn't tell you!\n\nWe had a party of 11 for lunch so it took some time to get everyone's orders straightened away. The server was a bit aggressive in her approach to the table for the duration of the meal but that's probably just a personality thing. Our server was also the bartender, so she wasn't always paying attention when we needed drink refills or a new fork or something. \n\nI cannot go to a place like this and see poutine on the menu and NOT order it. WOW. OUT OF THIS WORLD. Soooo insanely good. If I hadn't been with my coworkers, I might have licked the plate clean. Such a delicious combination of mushrooms, cheese and fries. I ordered the lamb shank for lunch and again, OUT OF THIS WORLD. This lamb shank is the best I've ever had. It was smothered in some kind of delicious sauce with cranberry reduction and perched atop truffle mashed potatoes. A few of my coworkers tried the lamb shank and agreed that it was by far the best thing on the menu.\n\nI was happily surprised with Bodega; I was a bit worried with some of the mixed reviews that I saw online, but Bodega pretty much hit it out of the park. We did have one negative, one of the servers handed a plate to my boss and it ended up burning his hand. It was an unfortunate occurrence, and I'm not sure if the restaurant did anything to make up for it, but otherwise, the meal was very good and everyone enjoyed. I look forward to coming back to Bodega again and perhaps trying that lamb shank again... excuse me while I drool onto my keyboard.
1	Food was decent and atmosphere was great. However, the only thing that this place lacks is their service. \n\nMy friend recently brought in a birthday cake with macarons on top; however, some ended up missing somewhere, presumably someone who works in the kitchen's stomach. They tried using the excuse that it might've been chopped up and scattered on the cake. The thing is though, nobody at the table had even one bit of the \"chopped up\" macarons.\n\nMacaron thief much?
4	Good french restaurant. Portions are not big, but not too petite.\nThe patio is amazing.\nThe service was great! Don't know the name of our waiter (blond girl,) but she was attentive, patient and nice.
4	Great French restaurant on Baldwin st with a very sweet patio! It's a nice lunch spot for me since I work in the area and it's never super busy, although reservations are recommended. \n\nRecently dropped in for their lunch summerlicious menu which was excellent. Had their trout dish which was amazing, cooked perfectly! \n\nThey have great drink specials during the week as well. Worth stopping by if you're in the area!
4	Disclaimer: I came here first time for Summerlicious 2013 with two others.\n\nWow, the apps were good and the mains were amazing. The sweet and bitter salad was really great; a great mix of the two flavours. The rainbow trout melted in your mouth, and the duck confit was good as well. Flavours were not too subtle, but not too rich either; just right. Everyone was really happy with their apps and mains.\n\nI will say that if I had to pay regular price, I wouldn't be so impressed with their desserts or drinks. I ordered a mimosa ($8) and someone ordered soft mojito ($11). They were both not very good, and the portion was really small (mimosa came in a very skinny glass, and was portioned for like, 4 small gulps), so a double whammy on both drinks. \n\nThe desserts were also very simple; not like \"awesome because it was so simple and amazing\", but like, \"just simple and meh\". Like I said, I think this place has good appetizer and great mains, but not so much for dessert and specialty drinks.\n\nWe sat on the patio, and it was really cute; birds singing, music playing, leaves and twigs falling on to our table, which made us giggle. The bee was pretty scary, but I seriously recommend the patio.\n\nServer was very busy, so we understood that he wasn't always there. He apologized on his own and he was very courteous. Left a great tip, because I think service at regular times would be fantastic.
5	My boyfriend and I were looking for a nice Sunday dinner.  We stumbled along Bodega as we made our way down Baldwin.  From the outside it looks very fancy but we were greeted warmly and the light, fun music set the tone for our delicious dinner.  The prix fix menu was well worth the $35, the food was delicious, beautifully presented and the service was impressive.\nI would definitely go back.
2	It was very average to not that great. My friend ordered from the prix fixe menu and didn't like any of the courses. He couldn't even finish the steak because it was so tough. I ordered from the regular menu and got the French onion soup and lamb shank. The cheese on the soup was burnt and ruined the taste of the soup. At least the shank was ok. Definitely have had better. \n\nThe worst part is that when we were done we had to wait a looong time just to pay.  The waiter decided that he would help the group next  to us first.  BUT it was like 8 people all with individual checks and everyone paying with a credit card. So it took like 20 minutes for him to finish. Ridiculous. \n\nI guess it would be ok if you want to pay a lot for average food and slow service.
4	So I'm fairly new to Toronto and thus very new to Winterlicious...This little place was my first stop on the Winterlicious road and it was flat out AMAZING! \n\nI really enjoyed everything about Bodega; the area was cute, the restaurant was decorated in a very timeless classy manner, the food was topnotch and the price wasn't! Really what more do you want? In addition to the food, the wine suggestions my the waitstaff were spot on. This is a great date spot or just a nice place to have a weekend lunch or dinner that's dependably awesome!
4	I ordered the Eggs Florentine With Smoked Salmon on Toasted English Muffin With Two Poached Eggs, Spinach, Smoked Salmon, And B\u00e9arnaise Sauce for $13. I know, you are shocked with what I ordered. Yes, that was sarcasm. I tend to always order the same thing for brunch. I was a bit confused when this dish was placed in front of me. Never have I had this combination of sides for brunch. Side of fingerling potatoes, pickled cabbage and baby bok choy. Individually I like these sides, but together, specially with a creamy main, it just did not work. I did not have any inkling that I would be receiving these sides with my main. If I did, I definitely would have gone with fries. I was surprised that I did not like the fingerling potatoes. They just did not taste right. I can't pinpoint exactly what was wrong with them. Inasmuch as I was confused by the sides, I was overall satisfied with my Eggs Florentine. Though, I was thinking the craziest thing when eating my main; it had too much smoked salmon. I know, who thinks that?! There is usually never enough salmon! In this case I did find that the \"smoked\" aspect of the salmon was overpowering the other elements of the main. Would I order this dish again? Yes, but I would ask for fries as my side.\n\nAngela and I ordered this dish because we wanted to end our meal on a \"sweet note.\" That was a good one eh.  Here you have Fresh Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes with Berry Compote, Maple Syrup, And Whipped Cream for $10. Since we received all our mains at the same time, I expected this dish not to taste as good because it was sitting there while we attacked our mains. Once we finished our savoury dishes we put them aside and pulled this plate closer to us. I broke off a piece and put it in my mouth expecting it to taste cold and dry because I did not pour a gallon of syrup on them like I usually do with my pancakes. Wrong! Yes, they were no longer hot, but they still tasted fresh. We were specially a fan of the whipped cream. It was nice and thick, and the berry compote was not too heavy or overpowering as I expected it to be. You could hardly taste the maple syrup because of the tanginess and tartness of the berry compote. But this was not a deal breaker. We totally made the right decision to end our meal with these pancakes.
5	The lobster mac n cheese was awesome! Never been there before but love lobster and it did not disappoint. I will definitely be going back and telling my friends.
5	We loved it small shop with friendly service. We had the lobster roll, shrimp roll, and lobster mac n cheese. All absolutely delicious. Complete with chunks of lobster. You certainly won't have to pick at your food to find em  Definitely worth the price!
4	A proper lobster roll. Toasted bun, lots of lobster meat with a light coating of seasoned mayo. No other fillers etc. It was excellent and I'm not usually a fan of the traditional hot dog buns.\n\nThe menu was small but it had the key lobster dishes and as a bonus the coleslaw that came with the sandwich was crisp and very flavorful without being too sauced just like the sandwich.\n\nNice setting outside. I just wish they had other things I miss from home like steamers.
5	Name says it all as far as the menu goes - Lobstermans.   While they do have a few token other things, 95% is lobster based.  It is fresh, it is delicious, and they don't skimp on the portions.  While I have never been to Maine, it is exactly how I would picture a Maine lobster shack menu to be like.\n\nLocated right on the water in Lake Las Vegas, the atmosphere is gorgeous.   It is nothing fancy - more like a fast food type restaurant than anything, but the staff is very friendly, and the personal service was excellent.\n\nConsidering the main ingredient, prices are very reasonable.  Most items $10 to $20.  Lobster roll was $17, and so packed with lobster, I did not eat my bag of chips.
1	This place will never last. GREAT idea, but so poorly executed. If you want a hot dog bun with some lobster on top, here ya go. They have no idea how to make an edible meal. If you can screw up anything with lobster, that's pretty sad. No flavor and expensive. Pass on this one.
5	Are here a few weeks ago. Cute little spots. TONS of lobster in each dish. Will be back again!
4	Delicious!!! I ordered a lobster roll as well as the lobster flat bread and cannot say enough good things about these yummy delights! The lobster was fresh & amazing!! And I am very particular about items mixed with mayo but they don't pre-mix their lobster meat for the lobster rolls so they were able to put it on the side. The flat bread had artichokes and light cheese and was just amazing. Plus they were very very generous with the lobster portions!!  Will absolutely be going back next visit!
2	I tried this place because I had seen a add on Facebook . This place was not that great I'm better of going to panda bear express . Service was great but food was not . Will never go back
2	Restaurant is in a run down strip mall, but once you are inside it is nice.  Me and my date were seated very fast.  Silverware was never brought to my date.  I tried to ask the waitress, but she was so busy.  It looked like she was the server for the whole restaurant.  I just grabbed silverware from an empty table.  I ordered the BBQ spare rib appetizer.  The appetizer came after our meals.  I ordered the house lo main.  It was very greasy but not bad.  My date had the Sesame chicken, it was very good.  Also the fried chips or won tons they bring to the table are great.  The reason for the two star is ad we ask for the check, that is when we are told cash only.  She said there debit machine was down.  Thank god I had cash, I rarely keep cash.  That should of been told to us at the door.  I won't return unless I have cash.  It us not bad food, but I would not go when busy service is just not good enough.
5	Thank you Oriental House for a great lunch! I called an order for carry out. Hot and sour soup and egg drop soup was very good. Just enough heat for hot and sour and egg drop was very pleasant. Not bland and corn starchy. Vegetable fried rice was excellent. Pieces of pea pods, mushroom, zucchini , broccoli , onion, water chestnuts, not made with frozen vegetables . Singapore noodles were awesome! It had a tad too much fish sauce, but the curry and noodles were spot on! Pork, Shrimp, chicken delish. We will be ordering again soon!
1	Orange chicken was soggy & tasteless. \n\nChow mein was total waste. Horrible & nasty taste. \n\n$50+ dollar mistake that will never ever happen again.
1	So disappointed took 1 and 1/2 hours to get food beef\nLo mein was horrible pork fried rice looked like white rice with very little pork in and crab puffs were cold! I called after 1 hour and she said he will be in a few minutes  took them another 30 minutes only live 10 minutes from the store! I did get it for free but wish I had just ordered pizza!
1	The worst Chinese food we've ever had. I ended up not eating any of it. $50 down the drain. We ordered two appetizers (crispy squid and shu mi). For dinner crispy duck, hot and spicy beef and the curry chicken   All terrible. I'm so sorry to have to say this. We've eaten Chinese food in many countries and in many states. This one is sadly awful. We will never go back. My husband says it's a zero. Save your money and go elsewhere or stay home and have a sandwich. Wish we had.
1	I had to put one start because its an obligation, although we were greeted and seated quickly and our server was very friendly and attentive,i have to say the food was very disatisfaing, they have faulse advertising their menu shows picture that have nothing to do with the actual served food we ordered the yum tom soup which show large shrimp only to recieve 6 tiny rubbery shrimp, the shumai was the size of bite size snickers  and had no shrimp it was a paste of some sort with no flavor,and during out dinner there we dont know what happened but our order was not placed correctly even though we told our waiter our order and saw her write it down we were awkardly waiting for the rest of our food to arrive only to find out she never put in our full order to the chef to begin with, as we decided at that point to leave, i asked out waitress \"excuse me did you write down our order\" she said \" yes\" when i asked her to look at what we had ordered she said \"oh, im sorry. i didnt write it down did you still want it?\" That maid us feel so furious since we had been waiting for along time just to find out that it was never coming we feel ripped off and it was just so awkard to sit there and wait for food you initially ordered but was never placed! We left and will never ever return, and we dont recommend this place to anyone! 99th ave and peoria! Please dont go! Food is not worth it we feel like we paid $ 45 for nasty, cheap food! Facebbok followers please dont write faulse reviews im a chinesse food lover but this is one of the worst place ive ever been to!
1	2nd visit to this place since they opened. Had the same waitress, must say I am surprised she is still there. She needs training on how to speak with customers.  Management is not much better, no enthusiasm or appreciation for customers. Customary things like hello, how is everything, thank you for coming etc. D\u00e9cor is awful, had to step over a banner laying in the middle of the floor to get to the restroom.  Find somewhere else, like Good China or Chang Lee. Food is mediocre here.
5	As much as I don't like to have order from menu at Chinese restaurant, I just loved this place! Nice decor , very fancy place !\nFood was delishhhhh!!! Can't believe some Yelpers wrote negative review, they might did not know difference of bad places and bad food!!!\nI will be back !!!!
1	No so good food everything is too blend for me wish it was as good as somewhere  I eat before in Peoria but I guess I will take my business somewhere else and it was a Sunday and no one was there
4	overall experience at this restaurant was positive and they do many things well. They have taken over a building that was more of a homestyle restaurant so you can tell based upon the interior design. I would return and it seems decent for a Chinese restaurant in the West Valley.  it seems family owned and everyone was friendly. The Thai curry sauce was probably not a paste, more of a powder base so it wasn't as in-depth and flavorful but it was still OK. The fried rice did not have any vegetables in it so I probably would order regular white rice next time
5	I could eat here daily. Ordered take out and it came quick fresh and HOT!!! I had Hot and Sour soup AMAZING the salt and pepper Calamari small order wish I would have ordered a large, it was the best I have had in 20 years!!! I love the shredded pork but next time I will try something new. This will be a weekly dinner stop for sure
1	I ordered 40 dollars in food and got nothing. After two hours of waiting and multiple calls of not being able to find my house and lies about being given the wrong address i cancelled my order. I've never had such a hard time with delivery in my life. I can't say anything about the food itself and I never will as they have lost me as a customer the first time out. I highly recommend dining in because their drivers won't find you.
5	Fantastic food and service. We tried the egg rolls, orange chicken, shrimp lo mein, and shrimp egg foo young.
4	The decor is so cute! It is definitely a very clean place from the front of house to the bathroom. The food is standard for a little Chinese place. Nothing above or below average, enjoyable definitely. The server we had was new and very sweet. She didn't speak perfect English, so she tried very hard to make sure we understood what she was saying. She kept our waters full and gave us unlimited rice refills. All in all a good experience.
4	The food was awesome! The only complaint I have was how long it took us to get our food. I could see a whole counter full of take out getting bigger but our food took a good 30mins and came out 2 meals at a time (for a 9 person group that was weird).\nI saying that I do realize that it was Mother's Day and they were busy.
1	Terrible food.  When this restaurant first opened the food was good but now it is terrible.  Even after saying we would never be back we tried it again and not only had a bad experience but also got deathly ill from the food. \nWe ordered the ribs and asked for them not to be burnt.  The top two of the four ribs were the way we asked for them to be but the other two ribs were not only burnt but we're half the size of the top two.  We complained and was told by the waiter that if we wanted different ribs we would need to pay for another order.  This is crazy.  How can they get away with selling inferior food.  \nThe last time we ate there we ordered orange chicken.  It was so spicy we immediately told the waitress who then spoke to the owner.  The owner did nothing to make it right and made sure we paid for it even though we only had two pieces.  \nAll this restaurant seems to care about is making money.  They do not care a thing about customer service.  \nDo not waste your money.  It's worth driving further for better food.
5	My first order ever, was for delivery on a Sunday afternoon.  I didn't have a menu, so I just ordered personal favorites -  Hot and sour soup, spring rolls, and general Tso's chicken with white rice.\n\nThe delivery was super fast!  Everything I ordered arrived including the menu I had requested. The hot and sour soup is one of my all-time favorites, and believe me lots of Chinese restaurants don't do it very well. Oriental House has an excellent hot and sour soup - I highly recommend it. And even the crispy noodles came with the soup at no extra charge.  The spring rolls were fine but not my absolute favorite.\n\nGeneral Tso's chicken was nice and crispy with a slightly spicy sweet sauce that was quite tasty.  Even the white steamed rice tasted exceptionally good. The portions are quite large and I have enough leftover food for at least two more meals.\n\nThis is definitely the best Chinese food I have found in the Sun City area, since moving here four years ago. I will be a regular customer and recommend them to friends and neighbors. \n\nI'm looking forward to visiting the restaurant and trying out some of their lunch specials, which are priced quite nicely.
5	I liked it.  This was more the east coast influenced that I'm used to, so they get 5 stars in my book.  Friendly staff didn't mind all of my questions and they were very attentive.  Prices were good for the amount of food provided.  Will go back again because I want to try the Pad Thai.
4	A little more on the expensive side but I have zero complaints about the food. Everything was delicious and served in huge portions. I was also delighted to find out they deliver. While I haven't been there in person yet, I will be making orders from here in the future
4	While a little off the beaten path it was worth finding. Service was friendly and with a smile. Egg drop soup and crispy sesame chicken were tasty. I'll come back again.
4	Oriental House is great! As you walk in there is hand wash to cleanse your hands. I like this idea!! We were greeted and seated very quickly. It's a lovely place; very pretty. The wait staff is very friendly. Most of the lunch specials are in the $6 to $7 range; lots to choose from. I got the Sesame Chicken with Fried Rice. Yummy!
1	Food is disgusting. I told my daughter not to go to this restaurant because the food is not only terrible but if you have an issue the owners don't care enough to make it right.\nAnyways she decided to try it and got very sick from the food.\nMy family and friends will never be back. We need a better restaurant in this location.
5	The outside of the building is awesome looking. Might be an old Denny's but they redecorated nicely. The inside is very clean. The servers are nice and courteous. The hot and sour soup is some of the best I've ever had. I ordered the orange chicken extra spicy. It was the perfect amount of spice. Overall the best Chinese I've had in the west valley. Don't mind bad service reviews these guys just opened a week or so ago.
1	In 1 word, sucked. Ordered Mongolian beef.. that's safe, right? Every Chinese food place on the face of the Earth can do Mongolian Beef.... Nope. The beef tasted freezer burnt, and was not cooked done.. need was chewy.. like undercooked chewy.. ordered with fried rice.. double nope... Dunno what it was, I can only describe the taste as \"dusty\".. like they found a bag of rice in a dark corner that they had forgotten about and decided to use it.. told the server, she said sorry and charged the full amount. Explained that that had a new chef.. sorry... Yep, me too.. but I won't be sorry again...
4	It was pretty good, not the best I've had but we will be going back. We got the $18.99 family meal with the egg drop soup, and hot and sour soup, potstickers, orange chicken, and beef veggies. The meal fed myself, my husband, and my 3 and 7 year old. The portions are pretty good. The egg drop soup had an off putting smell to me, it's very eggy but my kids liked it. My husband seemed to enjoy his hot and sour soup, it looked like it had a good amount of tofu in it. The potstickers were really yummy, my favorite part of the meal. The beef and veggies was good too. I've seen others in the reviews say the orange chicken was really spicy... I did not notice anything spicy in it. It was also more sweet than I am used to for orange chicken. I wish it was a little more spicy though... they do have hot chili oil at the tables but i didn't see it until we were basically done. I also wish they gave a bit more rice with the dishes, but I guess I didn't really ask for more either. Overall it was a good meal and I'm happy to see a decent chinese restaurant come to the West Valley area. We will go back and perhaps try some of their other dishes.
5	Great food.  Last time we visited it seemed that the waitress was new.  She was sweet and managed to get through serving our small group.   Today the waitress seemed a little lost and there seemed to be a bit of a language barrier but again it all worked out and the meals were delicious.
5	Went for lunch special and was very impressed. Server was very pleasant and courteous. Food was very good, large portions, and served very quickly.  Decor is fun! Full bar. Very clean.
5	This is a great addition to the neighborhood. We were seated quickly. The food was great and we have excellent service.  We will be back again, there is a lot to try on the menu. \n\nWe had Won Ton Soup, Lo mein and orange chicken were all better be than expected.  Will be back. 5 stars for food and service.
5	Oriental House has the best Chinese food with a 5 mile radius.  Egg rolls are large, not heavy with oil.  Kung Pao Chicken was the best I've had in my life, & I've been around.  Egg drop soup is not salty like most Chinese restaurants.  Good size portions & they offer a 10% Senior Discount just for the asking.  Alex, our waiter, is very pleasant, has a good sense of humor, & he'll make sure you are satisfied with the taste of the food.  I do not recommend the Sweet & Sour Pork.  We are not that hot about eating deep fried foods, but, we thought we'd try this one.  Pork was dried & chewy probably from it being cooked twice.  Sent it back without a problem.  Maybe they'll change the way it's prepared. Who knows. The owners have a successful restaurant in Yuma, \"Yuma Palace\", so, they are not beginners like the last two previous tenants in this building.  I hope they can sustain for longer than 2 years by winning over patrons from some of the other nearby Asian food restaurants.  they're cleaned up the inside &  outside.  I wish them much luck & happiness in their new venture.  give them a try!!  (No, I'm not related to them.  I'm Euro-American.)
1	I don't mind paying for food, as long as it's worth it in quantity and taste; i was very disappointed. It is not worth it. I ordered duck and there was very little meat to it with white rice. They gave me a little sauce, which didn't taste good. I regret ordering there.
4	great chicken lo mein, I wasn't a fan of the fried wonton.
5	Delivery is FAST. Food is fresh and delicious. Their fried food is not greasy. I love their sauces. I get the chicken curry and the chicken satay a lot for lunch. They have a wide variety of choices and they are very accommodating with modifications. I highly recommend them! And you can order online or through an app, sooooo convenient :)
5	I'm no Chinese food expert but my tongue knows what it likes. And it likes this place. Live in the area so decided to give it a shot and order take out. Orange chicken was crispy and tasty. Egg drop soup was rich and savory. Staff was very friendly. Also great lunch time special prices. Lots of tasty and filling  food for a low price; I'm looking forward to trying more of the menu!\n\nEdit: Kung pao chicken wasn't very good. Had no kick and sauce was thin
5	Six of us came here for Christmas day lunch and had a wonderful time. The waitress was friendly and helpful, the restaurant was nicely decorated and the food was much better than I would have expected in a West Valley Chinese restaurant, where I suspect most customers prefer their Chinese food to be bland and sweet. \n\nThe hot and sour soup was excellent - filled with lots of fresh vegetables. My husband said the Kung Pao Chicken was good (not great) but I got a Thai Curry that actually had some heat to it - nicely prepared and I practically licked the platter clean. Our friends all said they enjoyed their meals very much and we all said we planned to visit this restaurant again. \n\nI have to wonder about the customer who said the food was disgusting. Every plate I saw coming from the kitchen looked inviting, and the other customers seemed to be enjoying their food as much as we were.
4	My husband and I dined in on a Sunday, late afternoon.  There were a number of people there, always a good sign.  The staff was very pleasant and eager to please.  Despite English not being their first language, communication was not a problem.  We  both enjoyed our meals - lemon chicken and teriyaki beef and shrimp, which were hot and delicious - and very plentiful!  The restaurant was clean and roomy.  We are so glad to have a good Chinese food restaurant of this caliber in the neighborhood!
1	The food is great and there's lots of it but the services sucks,tonight are server spoke little or No English so it was real hard getting things that we needed my granddaughter ordered a Sprint for her drink and a Pepsi came out boy can we say wrong thing . Has No idea how to serve food to a person kept reaching across in front of a person They All need to learn how to sever a person the right way hate to say I my not be back for a New place you may went to real think your choice Sorry
4	Really good food! The orange chicken is really really spicy but flavorful. Beef and broccoli and sesame chicken are awesome. The only thing is that the dinners only come with rice, but the portions are very generous. Love this place.
5	I had our meal delivered.  They deliver within 5 miles of their restaurant, for only $2.  I ordered sesame chicken, which was delicious.  The sauce was a sweet, thicker, brown sauce.  The steamed white rice my kids loved. Also ordered the veggie fried rice, and that too was yummy with a buttery flavor.  The veggie lo mein was very tasty, the noodles were thick but light and soft in texture plus they had a. Yummy buttery flavor.  Finally we ordered veggie egg foo yung, it was fantastic, but the sauce served with it was unbelievably amazing!  Overall this was an excellent delivery meal.
2	We ordered the sesame chicken, general tso's chicken & egg drop soup. It was all very \"meh\". We did get it to go & by the time we got it home the food was incredibly soggy. The soup was pretty good though. If we try it again we will try dining in. Heads up, I'm pretty sure they use MSG.
5	Read about this new Asian restaurant and had to give it a try. Server was quick and friendly, making sure we were comfortable and if we had any questions. Our two orders (chow mein and vegetables w/pork with several special requests came prepared as requested and delicious. Everything tasted like it was entirely freshly prepared. Spring rolls were the best we've ever had. We'll be back real soon to Oriental House. Sincerely, Karen & Art Huseonica, Sun City, AZ
2	Last Chinese place(Wong jr) I ordered from was meh, saw this place delivered so I gave it a shot. Use online service and ordered Mongolian beef w/ rice, crab puffs, and it required a $15 minimum so I added a drink. Total being around $20 plus tip. Placed the online order around 12:36pm, food arrived at 1:48pm--an hour wait. Idk if them putting my drink inside the same bag with my food was the reason or what, but doesn't matter. \n\nThe foods not worth it, especially with the quality of food--The crab ragoon$4.55 were more wonton than anything, and the Mongolian beef$9.95 had an excess of oil around it with chucky cut onions, and tastes okay \"meh\", Panda Express has more flavor and costs less. \n\nOverall my experience in a nut shell...Long wait, and foods not worth time or money.
2	My first visit here last week was very very good. The girl that waited on us was so pleasant and helpful and took great care of us. I came back again today with another friend and the guy that waited on us could not understand our orders. He was really struggling. We did not get our drinks and had to ask twice. later for refills . He went to go and take our cups and we reach quickly and grabbed our straws and he forgot to bring back the refills. We had to ask twice for our soup , Then later I got one egg roll, and then I got my meal and my friend was brought something she didn't order. it was a wait to get her food. The food was good,  but care is needed in choosing your wait staff. Comparing the first visit to the second visit was night and day. I was excited to have this restaurant so close to our home, but I'm not sure I will return again soon.
2	I ordered delivery. After an hour a very hot and sweaty young man was at my door. He had the wrong address and phone number on the delivery slip! When I ordered the man barely spoke English and I had to remind him that info three times! Yet he still got it wrong!!! Plus I order House fried rice and they sent me pork. The food was average. Nothing but gooy wontons in the soup and same with Hot and Sour soup. There is a place on Olive and 91st ave that is the best ever! Tons of everything in all their items and taste incredible. I'll stick with them in the future! Pretty sure this review will be deleted by Oriental House.
4	Stopped in at Moreno's Mexican on Sunday to pick up some appetizers for our crew. After talking to the manager, Jesus, and hearing the backstory of how Moreno's came to be known for their Sonoran Style hot dogs after humble beginnings as a foodie stop at the local tire shop, I just had to try them. Absolutely delicious! I don't know how they do it but it is bursts of flavor on a Mexican bun. A true Mexican bun, as well. They are imported from Nogales. I was a big fan of their mild (chunky) salsa, bean dip, and queso. The hot was a little too hot for me but my company enjoyed it. The queso had a little kick to it, as well, but just the right amount and it seems tempered by the spinach that is mixed in - plus, you just might fool yourself into thinking it's a tad healthy. Just kidding! \n\nI will definitely be stopping by again. There is a surprisingly full menu. I heard rave reviews about the Chicken Fajita Burro and the Pollo Fundido. The service was quick, the atmosphere was friendly, they have happy hour specials with Margarita specials between 3-6 pm. There is outdoor seating or you can watch the games on the tv inside. Catering is available, as well.
4	Good stuff.  One of my standard go to places. Like their green salsa and beans.  Great crispy shredded beef tacos and cheese enchiladas.  Prefer this location to their Gecko Grill location in Gilbert or Morenos in downtown Chandler.
5	This place is really clean, including the bathrooms which isn't common at Mexican restaurants. I like that you can pick where you want to sit. Its a little small but the service is fast and friendly. The food is the best! I love Mexican food and I'm always trying new places and this is by far the best. The prices are a little more than I'm used to but I'm okay paying that because the food is fresh and hot and the place is clean, service is great, and the bean dip is so good. I will be back!
1	Been going there for a while however stopped going because they charged me for salsa when I had a to go order. Mexican food places are a dime a dozen and I refuse to pay for salsa, this was a first time for me getting billed for salsa. Lol
4	For a strip mall faster type food it's pretty good have had breakfast and dinner here and will have today I have no complaints. The staff are humping  they help each other out on tables. They do have beer here. Small area outside seating.
1	The food was good but the atmosphere & service was HORRIBLE!!! The orders were wrong, we had to ask twice for chips & asked 3 times for boxes.
5	Best kept secret for breakfast!!!  SHHH don't tell.  Everyone else can wait in line at the chain breakfast resturants.
1	Worst Mexican food!  Not sure what the other reviewers are talking about.  This is the furthest from authentic Mexican as you can get.  Everything is dry as a bone no matter how much sauce you put on it. The tortilla soup was seriously canned chicken broth, dry shredded chicken and a ton of diced avocado I guess that made it look authentic.  The staff are friendly high schoolers but have zero sense of urgency. My food and my kids food came first and we waited 10 minutes for my husbands food.  Found the server standing behind the counter joking and laughing with his friends as our food sat under the heat lamp.   The nachos with Chicken were so dry my kids would not eat them and they pretty much eat anything!  We sent them back only to be charged $2 dollars for a side of sour cream!  Are you kidding??!!The tamales were over cooked and dried out.  I mean seriously this place has such amazing potential - get the food and the service in order and it's a keeper.
4	I'm very particular when it comes to Mexican Food and this has been excellent every single time I've been there.  The location is tiny but always busy and they do quite a bit of to go orders as well!  Very good food for an excellent price.  Food always comes out quickly and hot!  \n\nThere always seem to be quite a few servers however they seem to not really have rhyme or reason to where they should be so you just wait for your person to come back.  Bus boys are always cleaning and turning over tables quickly!\n\nGreat food and lunch specials!  Happy hour menu too!
4	Small establishment in a strip mall,  but the service was good,  the food was excellent,  and the price was decent as well.   Next time I'm in AZ and craving Mexican,  I'll more than likely make this stop.
2	Food is OK but its not a comfortable environment when the owner hovers over the cash register and watches everyone in the dinning room.. He makes it uncomfortable when your trying to enjoy your food and company then look up and the owner is staring.. Staff other than that is good.. I just don't think the owner needs to be at the front watching everyone. There's not even enough room for him to be up there. My mom won't even go there anymore because of that reason.
5	This place rocks.  Our newest favorite Mexican food!  The staff is all wonderful and always say hello and good by!  The soup is great and comes in a huge portion.  I love the sea food chimis. My hubby always has the combo #1.  They also rock for breakfast!
2	Food is good. Service is the worst service I have encountered in a really long time...I'm a server, so it takes a lot for me to say this. Service sucked AND Has ALWAYS sucked. My son loves this place so, I come here often and share fajitas with him and my boyfriend. It takes me everything I have not to get up and start serving myself lol.
4	Pretty good food! Horrible service and the cleaning supplies they use are absolutely horrible. They should reconsider that.\n\nThe Shrimp Quesidilla, Mixed Burrito and the Sonoran Hot Dogs. All bomb!!
5	I have eight in Mexican restaurants all over the valley California New Mexico Nevada friendliness of the staff and the quality of the food deafly makes it a six star restaurant I would recommend it to anybody at any time it is fantastic
1	We just ate lunch here.  Chips and Salsa were great.  I ordered the Pollo Fundido.  Other Mexican restaurants I've order this at have drenched the jalapeno cream cheese over the dish, but not here.  =(  I was disappointed when I asked for sour cream, because after the first bite, I didn't even think there was the \"cream sauce\" on the dish.  After the fourth bite, I got to some of the cream sauce, and it was maybe 1 tsp slabbed on the top.  I then asked for more cream sauce, which I told was going to be a dollar charge.  (It was actually a little over a dollar, and then I was also charged for the sour cream)\n\nOur waitress was a sweet, but as a server, I would have NEVER charged extra for a sauce that was already on the dish, and probably not for the sour cream.  \n\nI was disappointed with the service and the lack of fundido sauce.  I wouldn't return to this location.... stinks since it's so close to my work. I wasn't expecting a $15 lunch today. \n\n=(
5	Eat here 3-4 times a month.  Service is always good, staff friendly and the food consistently good.  Coupons via text and in print ads - a discount just adds to the goodness.
1	DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU THINK THIS IS THE SAME AS THE MORENOS IN MESA.\n\nI was in the area and about to stop at the Chipotle down the street, but I flipped a u-turn once I saw the sign for Morenos. $3.89 for a regular soft carne asada taco?! Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this the same company as the Morenos in Mesa on Broadway road?? Their tacos are less than $2 each and oh so delicious... I haven't even eaten my food and am already upset. 3 tacos for $11.67+tax... That would've gotten me a burrito bowl at Chipotle along with a drink and maybe chips. I guess they overcharge for \"authentic\" carne asada tacos when selling them in a mostly new and white neighborhood. \n\nI'm normally not one to rant or even give reviews, but as someone who's tried authentic tacos all over the valley, that didn't rub me the right way. There's not even a salsa bar!!! The green salsa had no hint of spice, it almost tasted sweet. To add to the disappointment, these are not authentic carne asada tacos. They come with shredded cheese, guacamole, and pico. Real street tacos usually just come with cilantro and onions. \n\nNeedless to say, it's a good thing I live not too far from the Mesa location, because I will never be back and don't recommend it. Too overpriced and not tasty.
1	Poor service and over priced for average food. More of a Taco Bell style of Mexican food. Staff is obviously young and does not have a clue as how business actually works.\n\nI went, I ate and I will never go back!
5	Tasty food, quick service, affordable.  I had the Santa Fe Burrito which was very tasty.  Nothing overpowered any other flavor so it was perfect blending.  The burritos are large and could easily be two meals.\n\nThe red salsa is pretty good but I loved their green salsa so much more.  Sweet with a kick.  I would definitely eat there again!
4	Went to Moreno's with my husband tonight for dinner. We chose Moreno's since we had a buy one get one coupon. I was pleasantly surprised at how great it was. We were there during their happy hour so our meal started off with discounted margaritas and the complimentary chips, two types of salsa, and beans. Gotta say that was a plus right away. Staff was super friendly. I ordered the street tacos. They were really yummy. The tacos were filled with lean shredded beef. My husband got the crab chile relleno and said it was really good. Overall it was a great experience. We went for the coupon tonight, but we will definitely go back for the food.
4	I went to this place because everyone was recommending their Sonoran hot dogs. This was not my favorite but I ordered their mango quesadillas and they were amazing.  The chips and their bean dip is also great. Will be coming back to try other things
4	Good atmosphere and service. The food is good but not great. We always enjoy coming after church on Sundays.
5	Came here for dinner. The whisky selection is robust which is probably expected since the restaurant sits below the Whisky experience. The staff though seemingly on the young side were great with suggestions for the whisky and I now like bowmore! The food was quite tasty kind of like tapas style and varied. A little bit of everything.
4	We had the pleasure of dining at the amber before the tattoo. We booked the Amber package which included a 3 course per show dinner before the tattoo. For the starter, there was a smoked salmon pinwheel, beef carpaccio, haggis Bon Bon and goat cheese Wellington. All very good. In fact, I was quite surprised how much I enjoyed the haggis Bon Bon. The main was beef filet with mushroom sauce, purple carrots and potato cake. I was not as impressed with the main. The beef and potatoes seemed to be dried out by a heat lamp. The dessert was a whisky chocolate pot and cream cake served with a dram of 12 years old Deanston whisky. The whisky pot was delectable while the cream cake was unmemorable. Dinner was finished with local goat cheese on oat cake, coffee and Scottish fudge. Overall the meal was good. I am sure it could have been sensational if it were not served banquet style.
4	We ordered 4 main courses and 1 starter. All of them are good especially the steak & haggis.
2	Unfortunately , we were very underwhelmed. The fish was bland and risotto undercooked. Best things of the evening were the baked goat cheese and drinks.
2	Horrible service, tasteless food. We loved the tour, but we REALLY wish we didn't do this restaurant for the food. It killed a lot of time and the food was absolutely forgettable.
5	Excellent bar. All of the bartenders are very knowledgeable. Stuart was amazing. He had lots of good recommendations for different single malts. Had a very good whiskey selection. Over 300 single malts on display. We had already been to a couple of distilleries so skipped the scotch experience tour, happy we did that. Highly recommend sitting at the bar and learn about Scottish whiskey and have a few drinks.
5	If you're a whiskey fan, this is your heaven. Period.\n\nI didn't expect much from the place downstairs from the sort-of-gimmicky Scotch Whisky Experience, but Amber really delivers. Their scotch selection is nothing short of world-class, and their menu helps non-experts find true gems. I grinned like an idiot for the entire two hours I spent there. They recommended the Edradour Ibisco from a tiny distillery in Pitlochry, and it changed my life.\n\nJust go. It's about as good as it gets on the Royal Mile.
4	Fun restaurant, good food, great staff. Very nice. My kids loved it. They had a great sea bass dish for kids. Pricing was very reasonable for the quality of the food.\n\nHighly recommend the whiskey tour. Starts out a bit cheesy with a ride through the distillation process, but it gets better. Better description of the different whiskies than I have relieved before.  The whiskey collection was the best part of the tour. The gold tour comes with a good tasting at the end. \n\nIf your interested in scotch, it's a great place to start
5	Really cool place especially right after a tour.  You can sample a whiskey region you just learned about.  A little expensive, but good ambiance and the food was good.
5	Had lunch here with the ladies.   We each had a whiskey and a meal.  I don't remember the meal at all but the whiskey was smoky and a number 16.
5	I booked a table for us at Amber Restaurant, thinking it would be a good place to eat after visiting the Scotch Whisky Experience. \n\nWe showed up 30 minutes early to our reservation and the wait staff was very nice and let us wait in the bar before it was even open. The bartender recommended whiskey and lemonade for me, and it was a delicious combination. Our waiter was also very nice and attentive. \n\nThe restaurant had the best bread ever! It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I had the smoked salmon appetizer with the chicken stuffed with sage and brioche main course. Both were really good and very generous helpings.
4	Amber Restaurant is bang in front of Edinburgh Castle at the very top of the Royal Mile, but its so well hidden that even some of the locals don't know its there! That doesn't mean its not very busy on any given day however. It draws in a certain amount of custom from visitors to the Scotch Whisky Experience and can be accessed via their reception area or a door at the rear of the attached Whisky Shop, then down the stairs. Its worth seeking out! \n\nAmber has something of a cafe vibe and you can head in there for just a scone and coffee or something more substantial, like a full lunch with a glass of wine, or maybe something from their very reasonably prices whisky list! They offer advice on matching whisky with food. Nice idea! There is also a whisky tasting lounge alongside and plenty of experts on hand to dispense knowledge.\n\nI had a scrumptious lunch of vegetarian haggis with neeps and tatties nicely finished off with a whisky cream sauce - there's a bit of a whisky theme going on but its not in everything! Apparently the smoked haddock was a bit special too, but lacked my lovely sauce. Cheese and crackers seemed like a good idea to end the meal, so I ordered the clava brie with oatcakes and plum chutney. It was quite pungent for a brie but the chutney helped balance the strong flavours. We left full and happy. Would recommend Amber if you are in that part of town.
5	Best meal I've had so far in Scotland.  \n\nWas not expecting much since it was tied to the Whiskey Experience, but would go out of my way just to eat here again.
5	Amber is quite literally a hidden gem in what is otherwise one of the busiest parts of Edinburgh, at the top of the Royal Mile and tucked away at the back of the Whisky Heritage Centre. You enter the Heritage Centre and descend the stairs at the rear to find Amber. It's more 'laid-back bistro' than posh restaurant, yet it is smart and has a relaxing ambience; a perfect combination if you enjoy good food, but not a formal atmosphere.\n\n\n Alongside the eating area is a cosy wee bar where they have a massive selection of whiskies for you to sample and, should you wish, be educated about. The bar is well stocked with non-whisky tipples too!\n\n\n Some of the food at Amber (unsurprisingly) has a whisky theme, though the whisky never overpowers the food where it has been used. Haggis and Vegetarian Haggis comes with a whisky cream sauce which is divine. The meals are very well prepared and attractively presented. Desserts are also very impressive and the wine list has been very well put together and isn't overpriced. It's possible to eat very well and very cheaply at lunchtime. A real treat! Highly recommended by locals!
4	A very good place, best huggies ever :)\nThe whiskey bar is amazing as well - definitely see the whisky experience with its collection of 3k items shown -amazing\n\na bit crowded though, thats why the 4 stars.
5	The steak and potatoes was wonderful!  Best meal we've had since arriving in Great Britain 2 weeks ago.
5	354 Castlehill\nThe Royal Mile\nEdinburgh EH1 2NE\ntel : 0131 477 8477\nfax: 0131 220 6288\nhttp://www.amber-restaurant.co.uk\nReasonably priced Scottish cuisine at it's best. Friendly and helpful staff in a very comfortable environment. Has a great whiskey bar with tasting and knowledgeable staff. Also has a cosy caf\u00e9 with light food and yummy cakes.
5	Amber, situated at the top of castlehill, beyond the witchery within the scotch whisky heritage centre. The nice ambient atmosphere with a great scottish menu, boasting the best of local produce. The restaurant is small yet ample in size to not feel crowded, as they only put tables for the number of diners booked each evening. \nIn addition to the food, they have a fantastic array of whisky to tempt the tastebuds on a cold winter night and an expert on hand to guide you without making you feel daft for not knowing your regions. A first class place to dine.
4	This place was awesome. Simple foods, nice wines, and beautifully decorated.
4	Great food on both the lunchtime snackish menu & the more desciptive evening menu, also an extensive wine list. Got seated straight away although you can always take a seat in the bar while you wait. The staff are also very attentive & the service is quick.
5	My husband and I completely lucked into discovering Amber; we spent more time than we'd planned to at Edinburgh Castle, and were starving when we left.  We immediately walked by Amber, thought the menu sounded interesting, and went in for a late lunch.\n\nYou wouldn't expect a restaurant in the Scotch Whisky Experience to be impressive, but this certainly is.  The room itself is beautiful and has a nice view out the windows.  Service is friendly and helpful.  My husband  had the lamb stovies and loved it.  I ordered the herb crusted coley, and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The mussels and leeks were done perfectly, the dumplings were outstanding, and the sauce was to die for.\n\nWe liked the restaurant so much we came back the next day for the Platinum Tour (another future review) and the Taste of Scotland.  Again, this showed how amazing Scottish food really is-- who knew?  The tapas included a scallop, smoked salmon, and black pudding (two for three here, but that's a matter of personal taste) and for entrees we got duck, lamb, and the coley.  The duck was delicious and not at all greasy.  The lamb was so tender you could cut it with a fork, and came with surprisingly good haggis potatoes.  For dessert we had a toffee cake paired with a whisky, and it was absolutely amazing.  The servers can give helpful reccomendations about whisky (as well as other drinks), and there's even a whisky sommelier should you need truly expert advice.\n\nPrices are really fairly reasonable, and the Platinum Tour/Taste of Scotland is really a steal considering how much comes with the tour.  Definitely somewhere you should go if you find yourself in Edinburgh.
5	When my wife booked this for my birthday, I brought out my \"jump to conclusions\" mat and figured this would be another expensive dinner in Edinburgh, 1) thanks to being in Edinburgh and 2) my belief that the Whisky Experience and Amber Restaurant were tourist traps.  However, I was pleasantly surprised and packed away my \"jump to conclusions\" mat for another time.\n\nDrinks. The bartender couldn't have been a shade over 25, yet he had knowledge of whiskies beyond his years (and mine too).  I was interested in putting together a whisky sampler and sought his advice.  I told him the basics of what I was looking for and after a few more questions, he came back with four glasses of whisky (with the bottles), a glass of water, and a very detailed explanation as to the different whiskies, their regions, and what to look for.  It was a great addendum to the Whisky Experience tour.\n\nFood. The food was excellent and was exactly what we were looking for to top off the Whisky Experience tour.  The Scottish tapas and fresh bread were a great start to the meal and were quickly followed up by our main course.  I went with the lamb pot with a side of roasted carrots; my wife had the same roasted pot with a side salad.  My two boys had bacon sandwiches, and after their food came, I wondered if I made a mistake and didn't get what they had! To top it off, the prices were very reasonable and nothing what I expected.  To break it down, here was our bill:\n\n-2 kid bacon sandwiches\n-order of bread and butter\n-Scottish Tapas\n-2 lamb pots\n-side salad\n-side of roasted carrots\n-gin and tonic\n-5 whiskies (1 x Drambuie 15 yr and 4 x hand selected whisky tasting selections)\n-carafe of water\n\nOur bill came to 64 pounds!  Now, after dropping 78 pounds at the Hard Rock Cafe and getting far less for my money, I was pleasantly surprised and was more than willing to spend the savings at the gift shop upstairs.  I'm pretty sure 6 x drinks at some other whisky bars in Edinburgh would probably set me back close to 60 pounds. \n\nFinally, the service was above reproach.  Very pleasant, very attentive, and very willing to say \"I don't know, let me get the expert\".  When I asked about the whisky sampler, our waitress went and brought the bartender over to help me out.  To me, that's a true sign of a knowledgeably, attentive, yet humble staff.  Highly highly highly recommend anyone who comes to Edinburgh, take one of your dinners here at the Amber Restaurant.
4	We had reservations for the \"Taste of Scotland\" dinner, which we tacked on to the end of the Whisky Experience Platinum Tour. They bundled everything - the tour and dinner - together into one ticket, which was nice.\n\nAfter the experience tour was done, our guide escorted us down to the restaurant, where we had a bit of a wait while they had our table set to rights. The restaurant was pretty busy that night, which meant that it was kind of loud, especially right by the entrance, but they put us at a table kind of near the back, where it was quieter.\n\nThe tasting dinner consisted of a three course meal, with another sample of whisky at the end (in addition to the three samples we'd gotten on the tour). \n\nThe first course was a starter, which contained a small pot of haggis, neeps and tatties, cheese on toast and some chicken liver pate. This was our first time sampling haggis (it was on our list, of course, but we hadn't had an opportunity prior to this), and though there may have been a bit of trepidation to start, we were game to try.\n\nI think the stigma of haggis keeps most people away. That, and the way it's most often described. But, it was actually very good. It has a bit of a mealy, grainy texture, but it was meaty and filling. Definitely not something I'd want to eat every day, as it was also a bit fatty, but I quickly realized there was never anything to be scared of. \n\nThe cheese and toast were very good - the cheese was herby, and it complimented the toast well. The pate was my least favorite on the dish - it had a very strong gizzard-like flavor that threw me.\n\nThe main course also consisted of three pieces: Scottish salmon over risotto, roasted lamb over tatties, and haggis-stuffed chicken over a sweet potato puree. Everything was tasty, but I think my favorite dish was the salmon over the risotto. The salmon was perfectly cooked, and surprised me by pairing well with the creamy risotto. The lamb was perfectly cooked. The haggis stuffing within the chicken breast made it fall apart when cutting into it, but that wasn't too much of an issue.\n\nThe dessert course was a chocolate hazelnut cake, which was paired with a Speyside whisky. Though the cake looked dense when it first got to us, it was actually very light - both in texture and in flavor. I love hazelnuts, so it was a perfect pairing for me, though it wasn't quite as nutty as I would have liked.\n\nThe service that night was decent - most of the staff was tied up with the large party I mentioned at the top of this review, so it took a bit of time for them to make their way to us. Everyone was friendly, at least, so that counts a lot.
5	Kleines, aber feines Restaurant in den Gem?uern der Scotch Whisky Experience (SWE) mit ambitionierter K\u00fcche\n\nIch war hier im Rahmen der \"Taste of Scotland\" - Tour der SWE als Abschlu? der Tour.\n\nIch wurde nach Betreten des Restaurants sofort freundlich begr\u00fc?t, platziert und nach eventuellen Allergien gefragt. Ausserdem wurde mir die Getr?nkekarte gereicht. Men\u00fcwahl war nicht m?glich, da das Men\u00fc ja Bestandteil der Tour war und somit festgelegt.\n\nDa ich im Rahmen der Tour schon 3 Whiskies getrunken habe (und ein 4. Whisky noch Men\u00fcbestandteil war) habe ich aus der reichhaltigen Getr?nkeliste ein.... Leitungswasser bestellt ;)\n\nDas Men\u00fc bestand mehr oder weniger aus einer Auswahl an typischen schottischen Gerichten, neu interpretiert, fein abgeschmeckt und ?u?erst schmackhaft. Was es alles war, kann ich gar nicht sagen, mein g?lisch ist nicht besonders ausgereift. ;)\n\nDer Service war sehr freundlich und immer in der N?he, ohne dabei aufdringlich zu wirken. Au?erdem wurde immer wieder nachgefragt, ob alles in Ordnung ist. Auch der Restaurantleiter hat sich nach dem Wohlergehen erkundigt.\n\nFazit: Wenn ich mal wieder in Edinburgh bin komme ich bestimmt auch ohne vorherige Tour mal wieder hier vorbei. Da kann ich dann die gesamte Leistung der K\u00fcche beurteilen.
4	After spending the morning and early afternoon at Edinburgh Castle, we were ready to find someplace to eat. Saw the menu at the Whiskey Experience and decided to try the Amber Restaurant. Downstairs (but there is an elevator) to a pub/restaurant. Nice servers, well presented meal. Not necessarily a huge menu choice, but enough for everybody's taste. Food arrived pretty quickly (nicely presented) and was tasty. \nMust say however, for all restaurants in Scotland, getting more than one glass of cold water becomes a trial.
4	Lovely food and unbelievable choice of whisky.
4	If you can make haggis tasty, you can damn well do just about anything! \n\nLocated right beneath the Edinburgh Castle ramparts, right off of the esplanade, is Amber Restaurant and Whiskey Bar. A lot of people obviously come for the whiskey tasting and the \"Scotch Whiskey Experience\". Yes, they have 400 whiskeys and they do an exceptional job of matching whiskey with their epic cheese selection, but don't get so drunk you can't enjoy eating off their menu!  \n\nOur starter was Four Scottish Cheeses from Iain Mellis (Edinburgh farmhouse and artisan cheesemonger) served with Amber Chutney. For the main course I had haggis with neeps and tatties in a whiskey sauce. Both were superb. \n\nI'm dropping a star merely on philosophy: They constantly change their menu.  I know you have to change things up, but I believe consistency helps. It sucks to come back and not have those wonderful things I had before.
5	Great location right by the Edinburgh Castle. Mussels were excellent as was the smoked salmon sandwich. Service was very pleasant and helpful. Tried a soft drink known as  Scotland's other National drink, called Irn Bru ( a less sweet cream soda) carrot cake for dessert, although very dry on outside, I suspect first piece of the day so left uncovered overnight? Was still very tasty.
5	Very chill spot off the royal, reasonably priced for the area. Food was delish, would definitely recommend the Haggis Neeps and Tattys for those trying Haggis for the first time. Had a wee glass of Auchentoshan 3 Wood to cap it off!
4	I enjoyed a great tasting dinner at Amber. Service was prompt and courteous and the ambiance of the restaurant was great. Location was adjacent to the castle and directly on the Royal Mile. The food was delicious and even though it was a tasting menu, there was plenty of it and I did not leave hungry. Everything prepared was fresh and beautifully presented. The whiskey, which was Aberfeldy 12 year was wonderful. There was time after the meal to shop in the gift store before walking to the Tattoo. It was a great way to kick off my Scotland adventure!
5	We didn't do the Whiskey Experience because we heard it wasn't great and there was no way we were going to wait on the line, so we figured that going to the bar downstairs would be the next best thing. \n\nThe bartender was very young but extremely knowledgable. He could tell you something about every bottle on the rack! He was also very nice and friendly, to boot. \n\nWe moved to the restaurant after our drinks where I had the speck in a creamy sauce with potatoes and leeks. It. Was. Delicious. And for the price, it couldn't be beat. \n\nI'd definitely recommend going to Amber as an alternative to the WE, but also as an affordable lunch near the castle.
5	This place is awesome!! I always get the Bistro Burger.... try it you will luv it. It's in the Art District 3b area, lots of art galleries and things to see as well.
4	I love the arts district downtown, and this place definitely has that same feel. The food was good and we went during happy hour so the deals were really great. Would definitely go again if I'm on that side of town.
5	Awesome spot. Nice staff and great food. Nice to walk around the art galleries after a few good cocktails from the nice bartenders. Salad was all chopped evenly and dressing was great. Steak tacos were some of my favorite in Vegas.
5	Let me just warn you all that the directions on iPhone send you to the wrong spot.  Don't rely on google maps, but head toward Artifice, because Mingo is slightly hidden and tucked away next to it.  Very inviting place once I found it.  We headed here before the Yelp block party on Fremont street, since the instructions said don't come hungry, and I was definitely hungry.\n\nThe bar opens up in the front of Mingo's so you have this open air effect, a la Park on Fremont.  Very cool.  I do think Mingo might be suffering a little bit of an identity crisis because the front is this really casual bar and inside it is full on club.  I kind of liked the contrast though.  Great happy hour menu with cheap drinks and eats.  Although big bites were offered, we stuck to the happy hour menu.  We had:\n\nfrench fries with siracha ketchup - amaze balls.  Really good.\nThe Kanye -  Yes, please.   A chicago style hot dog with incredibly spicy peppers.  Although the weiner was a little greasy (hehe), I loved the flavors.\nSliders - Average sliders, but well-cooked\n\nOverall, the food was much better than I expected.  Don't compare this place to Mundo's (Mingo's other establishment) because it is not trying to compete with Mundo.  This is an awesome addition to the arts district and it provides an alternative to Bar+Bistro if you are looking for some good grub.  I've had some not so great experiences at Bar+Bistro, and won't be going back, but service at Mingo was awesome and I would definitely hit this place up again.
5	This place was awesome I had the Cuban and the bacon wrapped stuffed dates which were super tasty. I've never written a yelp review and this place gave me the urge to write one if that says anything. Kinda reminds me of downtown la surrounded by art galleries and the hipster type feel. This place is definitely a hidden gem in Vegas.
4	Went here yesterday for the 1st time with friends and definitely like the vibe and look of the place. Small space but it's been utilized very well. Decor is on point. Happy hour is pretty good there as well. Staff was really nice and was on point most of the time. We had 6 in our party and a table big enough in back was set up for us ** bonus points for having at least one table inside that can accommodate that many people. Waitress was nice but seemed overwhelmed a bit and had to flag her down several times but it was packed by this time so it's understandable. Edamame was tasty, wings were crispy and good sauce on side was nice. The fried rice was delish. Ordered the fish as well and it was pretty good. I like crisper fish myself. For the happy hour price, I'd go all the time. Location is also great has its own parking lot so bonus and is super close to downtown with a trendy bar right next door. So far so good. I recommend checking it out.
4	I would give 4.5 stars if possible.  Misses the 5-star mark because the ketchup is laced with sirachi  hot sauce but our server failed to mention this....we learned the hard way when the toddler in our group began spitting out his food!  \n\nIf anywhere in the downtown vicinity and looking for dinner, I highly recommend Mingo.  They have patio seating outside in the Art Square courtyard that is perfect for Spring evenings.  This is a tapas style restaurant with a very nice craft beer selection and an excellent Happy Hour.  From 5-7pm, the Happy Hour worked for us on a Saturday.  In the $5 to $7 range, my party of 3 shared everything.  \n\nWe had edamame, roasted brussel sprouts, fried rice, the Kanye bacon-wrapped hotdog, Mahi Mahi tacos, and fish and chips.  The flavors of each dish were well planned and well executed.  The brussel sprouts were my favorite - roasted with candied almonds and raisins.  The Mahi Mahi tacos and Kanye hotdog were classic items decorated with the perfect toppings to make them extra special.  \n\nAll in all, this was a great dining experience!  I haven't been to dinner in downtown in quite a while and wasn't sure what to expect from the hit-or-miss establishments down there - but this place is a gem!
5	Mingo is definitely a hidden gem in Downtown Las Vegas! They have a Happy Hour that goes until 7pm with amazing prices. The decor is beautiful and unique, the service and food is wonderful especially the Edamame, Vegetable fried rice, cheese burger, and the grilled cheese was to die for!!! If you haven't been, then you should!!!
5	From the outside one would not know what to expect walking in, but the lounge was very warm and cozy. The food was great!  The best edamame I've (we've - Staff) have ever tasted. You also have to try the calamari! There were others that we ordered and all tasted very good.  Our Server Leo and Owner Mingo was very attentive to our needs and wants. Hence, the service was excellent as always! Thank you Mingo and Staff. Definitely a satisfied customer and well worth recommending and returning for more goodness!
1	All hype.... Drinks were average and over priced. Food was so so. Fish tacos were fishy and when mentioned to the waiter he did nothing, besides give us the check immediately. Never going back.
4	I've visited twice and service at the bar was painfully slow on both occasions. When we dropped in, they weren't particularly busy and it was early evening. Myself and two friends were the only people at the bar yet we waited at least five minutes before a bartender finally appeared to take our drink orders. The guy originally behind the bar did greet us when we arrived and told us he would help us in a few minutes but he had to get kegs out of the back. After he left and the bartender came and asked us what we wanted, I should have realized I was committing to at least a 20 minute wait for the fries I insisted on ordering. Fries are delicious and friend tried the \"Kanye\". Food has always tasted great, staff is very friendly and overall it's a cool little place to check out every so often.
1	DO NOT go here, I made reservations for a holiday party for 20 people at there sister location MUNDO, they shut down and no one had the decency to call and inform us, now I have to figure out where to take my staff with less than 24 hours notice. Crappy management, no wonder you lost a location.
5	Ok, I love this place. Their happy hour is a great deal and it goes till 7. Everyone who works there is super friendly. Almost everything on thier menu is good.  Must trys are the chicken sandwich, Notorious Pig, and edamame.
5	Looking for light bite for a late lunch, we popped into this place.  We ordered off the  generous happy hour menu, and enjoyed one of the cheapest meals we've had on this vacation... and also one of the tastiest.     The only negative, two cheap items were still generous and filling.  :-)\n\nIf this were close to home, we would become regulars!
4	Went to First Friday again, and this time we roamed around a little bit instead of just hanging out at Bar + Bistro at The Arts Factory. We happened on a sign for a restaurant called Mingo Kitchen and Lounge, so we decided to check it out.\n\nTHE DECOR (4 out of 5)\nMingo has seating both inside and out including an outdoor bar as well. On the inside it seemed pretty dark and dimly lit, kind of like a club. However, we opted to sit at one of the tables outside. Sure it was with plastic chairs and all but I didn't mind. It was a nice evening, and we had a decent view of what was going on near the Arts Factory.\n\nTHE FOOD (4 out of 5)\nI was really impressed with their food offering. We had ordered some edamame ($5) which had garlic, red chiles, lime, ponzu and sesame sea salt that I thought was good. Next was the grilled blue point oysters ($14 for 4 oysters) with garlic greens, ginger jalape?o aioli, bacon bits and red chile sauce that was delicious. And lastly since I was still hungry, I tried the Kanye hot dog ($7) which was a Chicago style bacon wrapped hot dog with pickle relish, onions and peppers which I'll definitely order again. \n\nTHE SERVICE (3 out of 5)\nOur server was nice and helpful with our menu selections but it did seem to take a while to get our order (especially with some of the beer orders). While it did get busier as the night went on, that's no excuse for having to wait sooooo long just to get a drink, right?\n\nOVERALL (4 out 5)\nWell, we've found our new restaurant spot during First Fridays, so if you're there and want an alternative to the food trucks nearby, you should pop in and give the Mingo Kitchen & Lounge a try.
4	Great food a lot of stuff I never heard of, and food I didn't expect from a bar.\n\nThe decor is nice, very Lady Gaga-ish. I think the tables and chairs look cheap. The chairs are see-through plastic. The tables are narrow and have the edges are SHARP. I bumped my leg sliding into the booth and I had a nice bloody cut and now a bruise. \n\nBut anyway...\n\nWe came for lunch during the work week. All the house lights were up and there were four other people having lunch, plus the owner at the bar. \n\nI loved the sassy menu names and hashtags. If I wasn't working I would've had a cocktail but instead had the opened faced egg sandwich. Dining partners had fried rice and tomato soup + grilled cheese. The grilled cheese was more like bruchetta than grilled cheese. But everything was still really good. Can't wait to come back and try some other menu items.\n\nI'm not giving five stars because of the narrow tables, plastic chairs, awkward leather booths, the cut on my leg, and our waitress (who was very nice) spending to much talk to her friends about this one time at band camp instead of bringing us our check so we could go back to work.
5	Greatest drinks. Very fun menu and classy feel to the place. Their kitchen opened up on Monday 4/29. I didn't get a chance to order. But their drinks wow. Def try the gossip. We also tried the m\u00e9nage and blow pop. Fun tasty drinks. It's the same owners as Mundo and in tune with that other location this one is classy and very well decorated. Great place to chat and get a drink. I can't wait to go back and try the food.
5	Some of the best mixed drinks I have ever had. The food is tasty and the happy hour specials are a good deal! Add in the sexxy friendly bartender and you get all 5 stars.
5	Consistently good, which is the highest compliment I can give a restaurant.\n\nThe menu has two, distinct elements.  The Mexican side (Mundo)  is sophisticated and flavorful.  This isn't typical Mexican fare.  The meats are top-notch, sauces are fresh and creative.  My favorites are the Filet Mignon Chile Relleno and the Taquitos.  Enchiladas are also first rate.\n\nThe other side of the menu is American fare.   Crazy-good hot dogs, burgers and several other good options.  Foodwise, there is something for everyone here.  And the drinks....!\n\nThe staff is friendly and well-managed.  The space is modern and hip.  When the weather is good, the outdoor bar is always open.  After 5 visits, I can say I've never been disappointed.\n\nFinally, a shout-out to Aris and Joy, each of whom have made my meals at the bar really enjoyable.  Service is a big priority at Mingo!
2	We arrived just after 6, having missed the Happy Hour by minutes. The hostess/waitress kind of hustled us inside without really giving us a chance to check things out and put us at a big table in the back. We were just getting a drink and would have preferred to sit at the bar. There were maybe 6 other people in the whole place besides us, which seemed astonishingly low considering you would expect there to be some sort of a dinner rush and some people still lingering from Happy Hour. There were 4 people at the bar just blankly watching tv with the bartender. No one was really talking; the place would have been totally silent save for the DJ in the corner who was singing along to the music he was playing. It definitely seemed strange to have a guy singing in a corner in a small empty bar on a Tuesday night; I could see it on a busy weekend or something, but it was kind of awkward with so few people around and half of them just watching TV. \n\nWe ordered two drinks; I got a lemon drop martini, and my friend got a specialty drink advertised on the bar, some dragon fruit concoction. Neither of us were impressed. The lemon drop was super sour and didn't seem to have been mixed right. My friend was similarly disappointed with the proportions of her dragon fruit cocktail. \n\nI'll give it points for having a very nice aesthetic on the inside, and the service was really good from the waitress when we sat down, but otherwise this place was a disappointment.
5	I've tried every bar downtown's food so saying Mingo's is my number 1 means more than fluffy words!  EXCELLENT tapas style (labeled as Big Plates and Small Plates) bar food that's more upscale than most such as rib-eye and my favorite- the brussell sprouts!  The menu also has new stuff as the chef feels inspired.\n\nD\u00e9cor is also a winning factor since it strikes the perfect balance between a crisp modern palette and comfortable, homey touches.  There's even purse hooks and chargers at every bar stool!    \n\nFinally I have to shout out the reason I ever heard of this place-  Ona who bartends every Tuesday with an event specializing in underground dance songs curated by her called Onnaland :).  Of course it's my #1 night to visit for an adorably hashtagged libation and nosh but EVERYONE there from the owner (Mingo) on down is friendly, FAST and fun so you can't not have a good time!\n\nAdd Mingo's for sure to your downtown spots and tag it #eatmixmingo
5	I had a little extra time between my appointments today. I was busy since morning and had not eaten and it was 1pm!!!  I asked a friend to meet me at Zupas but she wanted to go to Olive Garden instead. So No.... I was passing Sahara then thought to pop in and check out Mingys.  Had not been in quite some time and miss the small bites.. I was seated next to Mingo, George, Chef Robe, and my new friend who is doing the big First Friday for the 3rd!! Its gonna be big guys from what I saw, a lof of activity and fun!...Please come down and enjoy a downtown approach to celebration the Fourth! It will be Festive...\n\nOff the subject I was too hungry I ordered the wedge, my fav sal ever!  Bleu Cheese, Crisp Iceberg Lettuce, tomatoes , egg, and dressing.\nThen I had to have to BANGIN BANG this \nGrilled Cheese and tomato soup. A Kent Night staple!\nI had to leave soon and jet due to my next appt and I will be there next month too for FF as a guest.\n\nI dont drink still and i love them offering creative mocktails out there for those trying to stay sober.\n\nI made to give Handsome Texan George on the way out a \"real\" hug. See you soon!
4	**Edited**\nRather than updating, unless the service and food standards drop, I'm just going to add on.\n\n10/29/13\nLast night was my first time going to Mingo Kitchen & Lounge.  \n\nWe got there about 6:30, as karaoke night starts at 7ish on Mondays, and we wanted to go sing for a while.\n\nFirst of all, the decor is SO cool.  All black and white, with mirrors, and they were all decorated up for Halloween, too, so there was a great atmosphere for the few days before Halloween.\n\nTheir happy hour lasts till 7pm (I think its from 3pm-7, but I don't remember), and they have discounted prices on beer and some of their food.\n\nTo start, for happy hour, my friend and I ordered: a PBR (for him, not me. ew. lol)  and a Blue Moon (for me).  The Roasted Garlic Shrimp, and the Notorious P.I.G.\n\nSo the Roasted Garlic Shrimp was wonderful.  I want to say it was about 8 medium sized shrimp, in a delightfuly tart lemony garlic sauce, served with garlic toast.  It was awesome, and I loved sopping up the sauce with the bread.\n\nThe Notorious P.I.G.  This was too good to be believed.\nI read the reviews of how good the Kanye dog was, but the Notorious P.I.G was the one that called out to be ordered.\nIts a hotdog with crispy bacon, pickled jalapenos, and HORSERADISH MAC N CHEESE!\nYou wouldn't think that mac n cheese would work on a hotdog, but IT DOES.  \n\nI'd drive all the way downtown JUST for this again. And again. And again.\n\nSo after eating this, I decided that I wanted to try the fish and chips.  \nI'm a fish and chips fanatic, and I always like to try them out at new places.\n\nI really enjoyed these.  The chips were well spiced, and the fish was flavorful.  My only complaint is that the batter was just a tiny bit soggy, but that didn't stop me from enjoying every last bite.\n\nWe also ordered the skirt steak salad.  This one took a while to get to us...the server forgot to put the order in, but honestly...we were having fun singing, so it really wasn't a big deal.  When it arrived, it was worth the wait. \nThe steak was a perfect medium rare, with a fantastic heavy sear on the outside.  The salad was delicately dressed, and everything worked together to create a delicious meal.\n\nThe serving sizes are not huge.    The prices are fair.\n\nThere is also a Yelp deal available when you check in, for 10% off your entree.  \n\nAll in all, it was a great night.\n\nKaraoke was fun, the bartender was super nice, and the food was fantastic.  I may have found my new favorite Monday night spot.\n\n11/5/13\nWent to Mingo again last night for karaoke.\nIt was busier last night than it was last week, which bummed me out...I wanted to post up at the bar to charge my phone.  They have phone chargers all along the bar!\n\nSat at a comfy table and ordered from the happy hour menu:\n\nSpicy Fried chicken wings served with bleu cheese and sriracha.\nI'm not a wing fan.  they're ok, but I don't usually make it a habit to eat wings.\nI'd order these again.  They were delicious!  The sriracha mixed in the bleu cheese is good too. ;)\n\n\"Free Change Chicken.\"\nI'm honestly not sure if this is a typo or not, but whatever its called, its delicious.\nChicken breast AND wing with a kind of a mango salsa (that's what I thought it  was anyway) served with a salad, potatoes and a mediterranian chimichurri. Oh. My. GOD it was awesome.  I devoured it.  Flavorful and moist chicken.  \n\nThe skirt steak on the salad this time was a little overdone, but not inedible.\n\nService was great.  Jason remembered us from the week before, as did George, who I think is the owner or manager. They both went out of their way to greet us. \n\nAnother good night at Mingo!
4	We happened to stumble upon this place on accident one night and boy I'm glad we did! \n\nWe got there just before happy hour. This place is chic and the decor is purple, grey. I ordered the roasted garlic shrimp that is usually $12 and we paid $8 for happy hour. It comes with 2 pieces of garlic bread and it was delicious! The chef really knows what they're doing! I got a blue moon which was $3 on the happy hour menu. Also they have free wifi (password: theboner), and they have 3 different phone charges (iPhone 4, iPhone 6, android chargers) at EACH seat by the bar. Which was amazing because my phone is always about to die. \n\nPros: really cool location (downtown art district), awesome atmosphere inside, good happy hour menu, sweet decor, free wifi, phone chargers at each seat at the bar! Staff is friendly. \n\nCons: the place overall is pretty small \n\nTip: if you like sweet red wine, the Malbec was absolutely delicious! \n\nWould I go back? Yes! I'm dying to go back in and try some other happy hour menu items
5	In a town of great bars and restaurant, Mingo truly stands out. Everything I've had here is delicious, I recommend the wings, the skirt steak salad, and the burger (Best in Vegas). Their cocktails are also very tasty. I had the El Diablo and it was very refreshing. The decor is very neat and the outdoor bar is a cool touch. Even on a scorching Vegas day it was in the shade with air blowing so it was comfortable to sit there. The only drawback is that this place is kind of hidden, which is probably not good for their business but it actually adds to the laid back atmosphere of the place.
5	Love this place! What a find! I will definitely be back, and might make myself a regular! They recently added to the menu from \"Mundo\" the Mexican restaurant that was at the World Market Center downtown.\nLove the ambiance and decor. Service was exceptional, but a true Yelp review must be about the food.....\nThe chopped salad was exceptional. Sometimes the vinaigrette overwhelms the salad, not here.... the dressing is a chipotle vinaigette that compliments the ingredients perfectly, and salad was chopped perfectly.\nThe \"All up in my grill chicken sandwich\" was great! Chicken was cooked perfectly, not dry at all. Cheese complimented without overwhelming the sandwich, and the ciabatta bread was fresh, soft on the inside and crispy on the outside! Homemade \"real\" french fries were also cooked perfectly. \nSaw so many things on the menu that I can't wait to try.......
1	If I could give zero stars...you know the rest. \nOn first Friday:\nMy friend and I order martinis. When we got our drinks, they came in plastic cups. I told the server I did not want a plastic cup and she said she couldn't give us glasses because it was first Friday. I told her she did not inform us of this beforehand and a martini is simply not a drink served in a plastic cup. I'm not a complete snob - but come on. This is super amateur hour if you think this is ok. She says, \"Don't shoot me, I'm just the messenger.\" I looked at her so confused, having been a server myself, I would never say such an idiotic thing to a customer. I told her that we were having dinner and not going anywhere (we were sitting in a booth) so could we not just have our drinks poured into a glass (didn't even ask for them to be remade) but she said she could do nothing about it, we would not get a glass in that restaurant, no way no how. \nMy friend did not want her martini in a plastic cup either, so she said to just get something else that makes sense in a plastic cup. I told the server that I would like to get something else and I did not want the martini anymore (since it was in a plastic cup.) She said \"I'm going to charge you for it whether you take it or not.\" I don't think I've ever had that poor of customer service anywhere in Vegas. This is the town that's supposed to be known for customer service, correct? My friend said, \"wow, you should speak to a manager\" but by that point it was clear I was in a place of riff raff and would probably not get anywhere. I didn't order another drink, but told the server, politely, that she should have told us beforehand that all drinks come in a plastic cup and we would have avoided the whole situation altogether. If it were me, and I had failed to tell a customer that her drink came in a plastic cup and neither of my customers wanted their drinks anymore, I would have done everything in my power to return them, get them comp'd, anything; I would have gone as far as to buy them myself since it would have been my fault and I represent the restaurant I'm working in. But this girl seemed like a rookie and had zero pride in her role at the establishment. Needless to say, neither of us will be returning ever and I've made sure to tell everyone I know about the experience.
5	Last night was my 3rd time dining at Mingo.  I am a local in Las Vegas who is quite a culinary junkie and my brother is a chef, so I have a pretty \"picky palate.\"  I just love the ambiance in here - and it isn't pretentious or stuffy, which I love about these new downtown restaurants!  I was most impressed this time.  I tried the infamous Brussel Sprouts and had some of the specialty cocktails.  Delicious and creative! The bartender was extremely friendly and actually made our night!  What a nice guy!  He made sure we went home hydrated with complimentary bottles of water and even called a cab for us to make sure my boyfriend and I got home safely..... He just anticipated every possible need and (quite honestly) went above and beyond.  Thank you Mingo for another fabulous dining experience. :-)
5	I'm SO happy boyfriend and I stopped in here for valentines lunch! The owner is amazing we chatted while I sipped on a yummy drink. I had the best fried egg sandwich ever. Everything about it was great. Thick bacon cooked perfectly, yummy avocado, egg was perfect, and the most amazing Texas toast! We got an order of their edamame which was most delectable ! Finger licking good!! I'm glad we came when we did because there was no one in there and we were able to chat with the owner and staff who were great. I can't wait to come back when it's crowded! Thank you for a delicious meal and great company xxxo
1	I came in late one night for good cocktails and food. Read mixed reviews but was hoping for success. The decor is great and it ends there. The drinks were ok, nothing special. The server took forever to come over and then rushed me out. Maybe I needed to come for happy hour or already be drunk. Noticed the owner writes pretty awful comments back so debated writing this. Bad business management on his end but that speaks for itself.
2	I was not a fan of the service or ambiance at Mingo.  Maybe it was because I came during the day, but the atmosphere seemed super clubby and pretentious.  The service was sub par, as our server helped other tables multiple times before coming to ask if we needed anything.  The server also asked for our order as soon as he came for the drink order.  When we asked for a few minutes, he did not return for almost 15.  We also waited for approximately 20 minutes on appetizers.  When we asked our server about them, the look of horror/realization that he had likely not entered our order was obvious.  Lastly, we also made reservations that day, but when we arrived there was no reservation in our name.\n\nThat said, the food at Mingo was delicious.  I loved the sriracha ketchup as well as the Kanye dog.
4	Had a great lunch here yesterday. I enjoyed the notorious P.I.G. while my friend thought the Cubanwich was awesome. Great, friendly service.  Will be back.
5	The food was good really nice waitress. Me and my family are new to las vegas and she gave us good directions and where to park on the strip and downtown
5	OMG the fish tacos are absolutely exquisite! Yummy. The seared Brussel sprouts hit the spot for our need to have some greenery. \n\nThe hot dog had a rich flavor and in a bed of arugula with jalape?o peppers! Yummy.\n\nWaiter was attentive, and we got a chance to meet the owner! \n\nGreat place with unusual decor for lunch.\n\nWifi password is, uh, very unique. Lol.
4	First off, the fact that it's kind of a hidden location makes this place a gem in the ruff. But as you walk in, the decor itself has a very goth/early euro. The deep purple and black colors make it very intriguing. Then they drop the menus and the names for all the items from the food to the drinks give you a giggle. Their menu is not for the conservative at heart. With names like N.O.T.O.R.I.U.S Pig or THE KANYE, drink names like THE BONER and JACK MY D, leaves people with dirty imaginations even dirtier minds. I enjoyed the BLOW POP which was quite delish. Me and my friend ordered their fried rice, edamame, ono fish and chips, and roasted garlic shrimp. Edamame was spicy so I didn't have much of it. The ono fish and chips were good, nothing outstanding to write home about. The garlic shrimp went well with the fried rice, though the fried rice was overly oily. All this for two people was A LOT. We could've done without the rice but our waiter suggested it with the shrimp. Service was good and attentive. They have sit down tables and a bar inside and outside. If you're looking for a good spot to chill in the art district, that's your place.
5	Mingo's is a hidden gem! They got me with the menu and they kept me with the excellent food/drinks!!!! \nMenu is funny and hip with hashtags that describe the exceptional food in an exceptional way... #TossedSalad! Lol! \nI was reading other reviews that raved about how great Mingo's is but only gave 4 stars? #Lame\nIf you are looking for something awesomely different- Mingo's won't disappoint!
2	Overall the food and drinks are amazing (especially the fish tacos.) great location as well. I was hosting a bottomless mimosas event with house music djs here every saturday last year with a friend and started them up again this year but after an altercation with the restaurant owner and one of my guests over something petty it was canceled. Unfortunately all of my guests as soon as they arrived to the bar, told me they felt the owner was being a tad bit rude. I felt he was just stressed but still no way to act with your guests. Everyone has the right to refuse service but do it professionally and dont cause a scene. Now im on the lookout for a new place to host these events because people are excited for the next one.
1	This place was a joke. Made an attempt to have a bite to eat with my fiancee last night on first Friday and waited 20-30 min to be seated. Finally seated and nothing. Another 15 more min and we walked out. Looked around and noticed empty tables. Are you kidding me? I was told by the hostess that they were short staffed. No idea how the food was but the service was completely unacceptable!!! Unfortunate because they had a decent menu but we will never know. Maybe someone could have taken our drink order to at least acknowledge us? Will not be back. Enter at your own risk!!! Maybe we were not the right couple to frequent their establishment.
5	Cool place to eat some appetizers and get some drinks. Chill vibe goes with the area which is located in the Art District. The calamari is delicious and their happy hour menu is really good with good prices!
4	This was my second trip to Mingo. I love the restaurant. Fun atmosphere. Jason who works at the bar is fantastic. I had the land and sea, fish tacos, and the Brussels sprouts. The sprouts are amazing. Even if you think you don't like them, you will love them. I would highly recommend getting off the strip and coming to this fun restaurant.
5	Great place if you are looking to get off the strip and checkout the Art District. Food was authentic and decor was funky. Will visit again.
5	Amazing once again. The Alien Mule (or two), the Brussels sprouts, ribeye, mahi tacos. All wonderfully good.
4	First the positive.  Atmosphere really is 5 star.  It is trendy, eclectic, unique - all of these rolled into one.  This was our first time, and we loved the decor.  We also liked the food.  The menu is certainly unique, and most of the items we had were excellent.  Also can't beat the prices for the quality of the food.\n\nThe problem was in the service.  We went on a weeknight, and fairly early, and it was not crowded.  It took forever for our server to come.  She seemed more interested in chatting with some of the regulars, than working.  When she finally did come, she seemed very preoccupied.  When we asked questions on the menu, she did not seem to know the answers, and some of the answers proved to be incorrect.  She brought out wrong items, and rarely checked back.  She was very friendly, just  perhaps having an off night.\n\nWe will try again, and hope for better service, as the food and atmosphere make it worth a second try.
5	Love the location as it is close to office and home.  Can't bea he great drinks which are fun and taste good, can't just have one and of course the he FOOD!!! AMAZING flavor!  One of my new favorite places downown and a must go for everybody!!
5	I've been Impressed each time I come here. The artsy Latin chic decor and menu gives this place a warm charm. People are always freindly- customers and staff members alike. The food is incredible and affordable. Their street tacos are the best in the valley. Try the Vegetarian version. You will NOT be disappointed! They also now offer select menu items from the \"Mundo\" menu (a former restaurant recenty closed in the World Market.) Comfort Foods and Latin Chic. It's like being at a your Cool uncles house for a party. They have a great bar and knowledgable barstaff ready to make your tequila cocktails. They even have their special label - MINGOS PBR- that is all the rage. This place gets crazy on the \"First Friday's\" of the month. The streets are closed to create a temporary outdoor shopping and entertainment venue  in the arts district. It's a great place to eat before the smith center. Reservations recommended. Great food, great people, excellent prices
4	Mingo has been on my list since it opened.  With its close proximity to the Art Square Theatre, I had always planned to go there before a play.  That's what I did last night.\n\nI got there a little after 6 PM and I found out that Happy Hour was until 7 PM.  I ordered the Notorious P.I.G. which is a hot dog with bacon, pickled jalape?o rounds, and horseradish macaroni and cheese all on a hot dog bun.  It was quite good.  The hot dog was grilled and the bacon and jalape?o slices added to the flavor.  I didn't taste much horseradish in the mac and cheese.  I was hoping for a kick, but it just wasn't there.  Along with Notorious P.I.G., I ordered a side of fries.  These were great!  Nicely seasoned with just the right amount of salt.  Very flavorful.\n\nOf course, I couldn't leave without dessert so I ordered their chocolate crunch which is about a 2 inch by 1 1/2 inch round of chocolate mousse that has been covered with melted chocolate and then hardened.  You crack through the chocolate exterior--the crunch--to get to the mousse inside.  It was very good.  There was some mango syrup on the plate and a few slices of fresh strawberry.  A great ending to the meal.\n\nService was good.  My server, Eddie, was around to refill my iced tea several times and was very helpful.  The place is relatively small.  When I come back, I'll opt for a high top table.  Where I sat was very comfortable until you eat.  You sit low and have to lean forward and up to reach the table.
5	Very cool place. Came here for early dinner during Happy Hour on a Thursday. $3-4 drafts, wuuut!? Pour me another!\n\nI had The Kanye (bacon wrapped Chicago-styled dog with garnishing). It was pretty big--I ended up eating with a knife and fork. I was very impressed that the bacon stayed crusted on the dog (it usually falls off). For appetizers to share, we had seared brussel sprouts (best brussel sprouts I've ever had, and I don't normally like them), roasted garlic shrimp (very garlicky with a hint of citrus), and spicy fried wings (nice and crispy, although they were kind of small).\n\nService was friendly, and bathrooms were clean. The menu (and drink) items were thoughtful: better than just \"bar food\" but not too experimental. Most of all, the price was right!
4	Hidden in plain sight! - Take heed and bookmark Mingo. \n\nCame here with the lady after a long day of running errands and needed some nourishment and an adult beverage, Mingo to the rescue! This eatery is located in the Arts District, in a huddle mass of amazing art venues and great boutique shopping options. \n\nMingo offers an amalgam of upscale bar food, weiner jokes, and tasty cocktails. We pretty much had the entire place to ourselves and bellied up to the bar. Roman, our bartender greeted us and started us off with couple beers and three-dollar mystery shots. These mystery shots were very good, I'm guessing; Vodka, lemonade, and something else?  Mingo has a decent beer options, but you're better off ordering cocktails in this joint. They have a huge selection and are also willing to create stuff on the fly. \n\nHappy hour was going strong so we ordered accordingly. We got the Notorious P.I.G., Three Cheese Baked Mac N' Cheese, and Brussel Sprouts with Bacon. \n\nThe Notorious P.I.G. is a basically a hot dog covered in awesome. That awesome being, pickled jalape?os, horseradish mac & cheese, and crispy bacon. I did attempt to pick this beast up and eat it the classic hot dog way, but this mammoth meal needed a fork and knife. There's some great texture going on here, the crispy bacon mixed with the creamy mac n' cheese was stellar! This dish wasn't too spicy even with the jalapenos and horseradish; it just had a baby kick. More flavor than anything.\n\nThe seared brussel sprouts were a great side dish for the meal. Even though it says, \"seared\" on the menu these green veggies weren't overcooked. Mingo lightly seared these in a balsamic reduction, and added candied pecans, golden raisins along with bacon upon request. Crispy, fresh, and even with the addition of bacon these lighten up the meal nicely. \n\nI would definitely recommend this place for a daytime adult beverage stop. I hear that soon they will be hosting movie night on Wednesdays! \n\nStay tuned Mingo-ites!
4	We tried Mingo's again, and they must have a new chef.  Keep in mind I ordered a salad and Brussel sprouts. But both were very good. I would go here again, but keeping in mind what is good there.
5	The alien mule is the best drink I've had in Vegas! Cool, quiet vibe. And very friendly service!
4	I read about this place opening a while back and was intrigued by the concept/menu, but just made it down this past weekend. The food was excellent in both value and quality. The options were divided into \"Big Bites\" & \"small bites\" and mostly what I would define as comfort food. I shard the (seasoned) edemame and grilled oysters and both are delicious. A couple beers later (good tap selection of craft beers and popular favorites) I opted for the Kanye dog and was not disappointed. The ambiance was great - I like the courtyard/patio area and the inside looked cool (if a little dark/clubby). The service was fine and friendly. I will definitely be going back to try some of their other offerings that looked tasty - such as grilled cheese and tomato soup and the Notorious P.I.G dog.
1	What were they thinking? First of all, all chefs agree that you can't fry chicken in olive oil. The smoke point is way too low. What you end up with an unpleasant taste, or chicken that is soaking in oil. To mask the unpleasant taste they apply a horrendous concoction of spices that do not go together, slathered in some kind of mutant Cajun hot sauce. A simple rule for fried chicken seasoning, salt and pepper, that's it. \n\nThe waffle fries were also oil soaked and, once again illustrating that olive oil is not for frying based on the bad taste and strange seasonings.\n\nAdd on the price for what you get and Oliver's chicken is a bust.
4	I thought I would give this  place a  try since I was in the mall and it was new plus I love chicken.\n\nThe food was good I had a 3 piece chicken meal a bit pricier than most chicken spots but it was good.
1	I know it's mall good but holy crap. No. Never again. \nWay overpriced for the small portions you receive, the staff is rude and unprofessional and the food is very bland.
1	When the space in Concord Mills Mall was occupied by Popeyes Chicken,  there was often a long wait after ordering. But the food was pretty good. Oliver Chicken now is in the same spot. They have taken the slow service aspect of Popeyes and integrated it seamlessly with almost inedible food. Dry chicken. That special flavor you get when the fry oil hasn't been changed in a while.  And onion rings that exist. Coca Cola was easily the best thing about the meal, so thank you Coke for quenching my thirst after the abomination that was Olivers Chicken. Oh yeah,  and thank you salt packets for helping make the food have even a semblance of edibility.  Do yourself a favor and eat the napkins, they are free and with the salt taste pretty good comparatively.
1	Not good at all. Whose idea was it to replace Popeye's with this place? The waffle fries were crispy and drenched in grease and the tasteless chicken was also drenched. How does a chicken place run out of breasts and ketchup???
1	Only giving one star because it's as low as it goes.  First the staff is the most unfriendly I have ever encountered.  Girl at register didn't even great us. Guy behind counter was playing more than working. Five people total working and with us as the only customer they were slow.  We ordered 2 chicken tender plates and 2 drinks. $24.00. They were out of sweet potato fries as they opened at 12:00 pm.  After ordering we took our drinks to the table. The coke was flat. Was summoned over to find out they have no Mac and cheese.  I asked for refund for meals and they couldn't even run the register for that. Had to get manager to refund our money. \n\nShould've know better since they had no one in line at noon. Never again.  Don't waste your time.
4	Chicken waffle! Yes..yes..yes. I make it at home at time, however, their chicken is phenomenal. The only problem at this location was that there was a worker who put in one waffle french fry in the sack one at a time. It was absolutely ridiculous how long one had to wait for fast food. All people waiting wanted to jump behind the counter and show em how its done! The fries were not good, but the chicken was great. For a fast food restaurant-- it is decent. But it is a fast food restaurant after all.
1	You can tell they use real chicken here, but the waffle fries are terrible, and as real as the chicken tasted, it was still bland it tasteless. it doesn't compare to the Popeye's that used to be in it's place.\nI will not he eating here again
1	Slow service (15 minute wait for fast food at a mall)\n\nBlah sandwich. Roll tasted like wonder bread.\n\nNot cheap.\n\nNot eating there again.
4	New concept, similar to Chick-Fil-A but they use olive oil instead of peanut oil to fry their food. \nIt's great food but if you compare to larger nationals you will be disappointed. I like that they have tons of sides and combo choices. The serve chicken & waffles! There is also traditional fried chicken on the menu.
5	Great Gyros! Its a hidden secret. Yum! Cheap prices too.
4	Great casual fast food type place.  I like the chicken filet sandwich.   Very reasonable pricing.  Lost of airline employees here, kinda thier secret little place.
4	Use to go here all the time for lunch. Always crowded at lunch time. Everyone that worked there was very friendly.  Had good fish sandwiches, great fried okra and fried chicken wings (big ones). And yes, it is a hole in the wall.
4	Never even heard of this place, but apparently this is a popular joint for airport employees and Air Force workers across the street. It's another hole in the wall burger/sandwich place (I love them!). It looks a little dumpy on the outside, which never scares me off. The inside was just as bad looking, can we say tacky all the way? What they lack in decor, however, they make it up with low prices and big portion of food. My gyro was $4.75 and came with a side. It was good too, the slices of gyro was still warm, stuffed in a soft warm pita with plenty of lettuce, tomato & onion and tzatziki sauce. The tzatziki sauce was a good compliment to the sandwich instead of being a distraction (sometimes they are too tart or garlicky or herby). The onion rings were the typical frozen corn meal ones, so I say stick with fries instead... why can't I be pleasantly surprised with beer batter ones?!  \n\nAll in all, this is a great cheap place to eat near the airport even for a non airport area employee like myself.
5	My favorite spot to grab lunch in CLT. EVERYTHING is good here. Very consistent. I've been probably a hundred times or more in the last 9 years or so. Very good and very cheep!
4	Awesome Philly cheese chicken sandwich and fries.  Great for lunch!  Small eatery feel. Friendly staff
4	The Philly steak sandwich is very good, and the meat has a nice gyro flavor to it. My husband had a double cheeseburger with everything and really liked it. Don't be scared off by how the place looks. The food is very good and reasonably priced
1	Terrible! I'm just now getting over this horrible stomach bug caused by his place. I ended up paying $10.92 for a salad, water, and a small tiramisu. Needless to say, that price is ridiculous! You should never have to pay that much at lunch time for that little amount of food. \n\nSpeaking of the food, in the salad, there was an egg and so I out it on a napkin because I don't like eggs. The waitress came by and asked how it was and I told her that I didn't like the egg. Instead of taking it or saying \"hey sorry about that\" or something to the effect, she just walked off. \n\nThe tiramisu was awful, it tasted like someone tried to make banana pudding and failed. If you like tiramisu like I do, go to Olive Garden or SAMs club around Christmas. You will not be disappointed like you will here. \n\nNeedless to say, I'm never going back.
4	They have one of the best fried chicken sandwiches I have ever had.  I was blocked in traffic due to the president taking off at the airport, so when I ordered my food to pick up, they literally brought it out to my car for me.  They are the nicest people.
4	This is a well kept secret, serving size is awesome, flavors on point, great sweet tea.  This is spot of the flight crew,etc.  I discovered this space will with USAir.  You gotta go.
1	Sanitary score too low.... Crime Scene Tape on the front porch
4	This is one of those local hidden gems.  Could the walls use a painting?  Probably.  Could the interior be slightly updated?  Probably.  Does any of it matter?  Probably not.  The sanitation grade was 96.  The food is cheap, good, and fast, and the people are friendly.  Order at the front and they will bring the order to your table.  $5.05 plus tax for a killer steak pita dripping with mayo and dressing plus a bunch of good fries?  I'll be back.
4	So, it seems that I order breakfast a lot from this place because I literally call in my order and before I can offer my name, the voice on the other end says: \"Thanks, Michelle! We'll see you in a few minutes!\"  Geez!  Am I that predictable? lol  Honestly, I think they take time to remember the regulars and that says something to me... The food is priced fairly, tastes great and doesn't leave me ready to slump over my desk after I finish it... I've been for lunch a few times and it was great as well, but I truly enjoy their breakfast special (one egg, one meat, grits or hashbrowns and toast for around $3)... Their lemonade is also worth a shot... It's not too sour or too sweet, just the way I like it...
4	We just ate here for the 1st time today and it was really good. The food is great and I couldn't believe the cheap prices.  Its definitely a hole in the wall but the staff is very friendly.
4	Fried Okra and Sweet Sweet Tea!  That's all you really need to know, well at least for me that was really the only things on the menu that I could eat.  This place is big on burgers and chicken sandwiches.  My friend said that his burger was extra juicy with a meaty tomato stacked on top.  Carnivores love it!  The fried okra was great, a staple southern side, and the sweet tea is very sweet.  If you are from the north, don't mess with it start with something a little more bland.  I like my sweet tea to taste like sugar water and lemons.  This is a good place to go for a quick lunch.
4	The grease pit is pretty good! Service is alright they get so busy they rush around hit the food is good.
4	I almost hate to write a good review......because I will let my little secret gem be found by the masses.\n\nSo, let's just start this by saying that this place was started in 1987.  It's tucked away off the road, right across from the NC National Guard Armory on Morris Field Drive, near the NC Aviation Museum.\n\nFrom the outside, the place shows its age, and as I see it, these folks are just too darn busy cooking up some good food, to tend to the classic vintage facade.\n\nThe inside is your classic 80's area seating....nice comfortable vinyl seats. I do mostly take out here only because my coworkers love this place, and we just do not get enough time to enjoy it here.  You need to get there early, because after 11:30 the place gets packed.\n\nThe food is consistently good and always ready when I get there.  I have always been pleased with the service, quality, and speed at which these folks operate.\n\nOk, so, take my advice, eat here, but please do me a favor and wait till after 11:30am,  so I do not feel so bad about letting you know my favorite little eating place during the week.\n\nI have enclosed a few pictures for your savory enjoyment.\n\nNCFoodGuy
4	My co-worker's have been raving about this place. Seriously. They went 3 times in one week. So I just had to find out what all the hype was about! \n\nWe arrived a little before lunch and this place was already packed. Now, it's definitely the definition of a \"hole in the wall\" kinda place. Don't go expecting anything fancy. \n\nBut hey it's quick and cheap. \n\nI ordered the philly cheese steak and fries (guys, they have the GOOD fries) . It took them no time to cook it up and send it out and it was good. I had no complaints - and the service was great! Not to mention the portion sizes here are great for the prices they charge. \n\nIf you're looking for something quick and cheap this is your place!
4	The best bang for your buck... Literally! Cheapest meal for one of the best taste in the area... Serving great all American dishes like burgers and such...
1	They deserve LESS than 1 star. I decided to get the Korean BBQ menu with 3 other friends. After cooking some meat, our BBQ plate needed to be replaced and we pointed it out to the waitress. When we did, she said \"I know, I know\". It took maybe 30 minutes for her to give us more water. Most meats were unmarinated (e.g. wasn't richly seasoned as per their menu), all BBQ plates came ungreased making meats prone to sticking and the plate burning. She and the owner were micromanagers, that is: monitoring how you use their stove. They seem to not care at all about replenishing your water, side dishes or utensils. The cost of the above was around $27 per person - cash only - and the waitress actually counted our payment to make sure we gave a tip. They are overpriced for probably the worst service I've had so far - regardless of cuisine - in Toronto. Contrary to its name, there's nothing really \"real\" about this restaurant, other than real bad service. You're honestly much better off just ordering a bucket of chicken from KFC if you're craving meat.
1	The worst Korean BBQ I ever had. The All-You-Can-Eat option is really really a bad choice, for that it does not have the varieties, and they would easily run out of your appetite. In addition, no real waitor seems to present there, instead just the owner and an old lady.
1	Why is this place still even open? If you're even thinking about going here, DONT. If you're there right now, RUN. It's even more embarrassing that its run by Korean people and in Korea Town.
1	My friend and I walked it craving a korean bbq. First it smelled like fish inside an there were plates on the table next to us, probably the staff's dinner. They could have taken it away right away...\n\nThe menu is very confusing as to what you can and mostly what you can't have. We took the $25 AYCE special because the special #1 didn't include appetizers and other stuff.\nSo you can order 3 types of meat (for the two people), not 3 types each and small portions no no! Same you can pick one appetizer for 2. \n\nFood came in a very random order. One soup and then oh a bit of meat, after 20min here is the rice (we asked for it).\nWe had 3 huge piles of meat. Meat was marinated and good but not thinly chopped at all. The opposite. I don't know if it's how it's supposed to be for korean bbq but I did not like that.\nThe only veggie we had was lettuce and there were no sauces. Makes it even harder to finish all that meat... \nI feel like it's AYCE but they just try to stuff you with meat. I would like smaller portions of meat but a wider variety.\nAs for the taste of the food itself, it was ok i guess.\n\nServer was nice at least.\n\nMy biggest issue with this place is that it looks very unsanitary. Will not come back.\n\nAlso, they only take cash. There is an ATM in the restaurant with a $1.50 fee
1	The worst place to go for Korean BBQ ever!\nWhen I get there for all you can eat bbq, man who looked like the owner of the restaurant kept turning off the grill. He told me it is difficult to clean the grill when meats are burnt, but THE MEAT WAS NOT FULLY COOKED YET!!! Did he want me to get food poisoned or what??? I asked other waitress to turn the grill on, and she did, and the owner came back and TURNED IT OFF AGAIN!! I am not mentioning how RUDE he is! He is rude to customers, and I saw he was yelling and shouting to poor waitresses. Wow.. what a place....\nI am never ever going  back to that place again.\nI recommend some other bbq place. This is the last one I am going for bbq.
